Double shifts are exhausting since they make you work two 5-6 hour shifts in one day with a break between... Management can be condescending and rude, customers can be rude, there is little room for advancement. Also, it is not the best restaurant for getting a discount on the food, unless you are a cook you pay close to full price for each item. Was trainer for a year and a half and I got screwed on hours and scheduling every single week because the scheduling manager had some weird grudge against me because I wasn't going to bow to their every whim and treat them like some deity. Customers are rude and often don't tip meaning that you just lost money since you now have to tip out on what you didn't make This just wasn't the position for me. stressful at times but with the right attitude it's not that bad. If part-time the hours are not too bad....so if it is too stressful for you can look on the Bright side it is only for a few hours a day - Unorganized. Lots of rules to follow, push for getting customers to fill out surveys and do promos, though staff is rewarded for doing well at this -Very pressured to perform. I would work a close mid open at least once a week in spite of the company guidelines given during orientation stating this is to happen only in extremes. The only ways to make a lot of tips money is to work during the weekday nights and working doubles. No vacation bad management and they ask too much for what they pay In the south, they worked you to the bone!. -Corporate... -Force you to push surveys on the customers, most of which couldn't care less. -To strict with server scripting.they say that you are supposed to be yourself and bring out your personality, but then they make you recommend 2 alcoholic drinks, two appetizers, two entrees, and dessert. -Corporate forces the kitchen to skimp on portions which angers guests, which in turn screws over the servers because in order to get them more of whatever was skimped we have to charge them extra (aka quest dip, spinach dip) There is not a lot of support from higher ups when it comes to understanding daily tasks in the restaurant.