Disrespectful customers and lazy servers tips are not the best, not a steady flow of customers, we close way too late, and people stiff more than you would think Long hours, hard work/life balance Disorganized with an extreme turnover rate Not great pay and some under qualified management Not sure yet new employee using this as side gig the restaurant is new, while I was there, so there were some kinks and problems that needed to be worked out. Other employees would like to start problems with each other, breaks we're encouraged NOT to take and if you did you were punished by having to stay longer, managers were bad at communicating with employees some time not great friendly people to work with Long hours, poor environment, management not the best Can be stressful when busy, long hours sometimes without breaks No innovation and boring menu items that don’t stand out Tips were low because of prices High volume and very stressful environment. People are Rude, Pay is not good, No promotions There is a lot of paperwork to do so if your not someone that can schedule your time properly you will have more difficulty keeping up Often bad management can completely derail the system the corporation has in place for every store and this also means that your employee retention will always be disastrously low... No dishwasher, manager was unorganized not really much to say. Sometimes confusing with management there are no cons at Apple bees lazy co-workers who let you do all the work No set time off so could be a 2 hour shift or an 8 hour shift I need to be there I miss it a lot Hours were not always great Lack of team work, a downturn in sales=a major drop in tips and take home pay. Long hours, no breaks, stressful Deal with poor attitudes and have hard work not appreciated through little to no tips Sometimes forced to work when you couldn't, low staffing No lunch break and you get paid every two weeks Sometimes you run across a few unhappy souls that can never be satisfied The late hours do not provide for adequate life balance. Apple Buddy values camp; helpfulness can break down at times, not every guest is friendly camp; you can't make everyone happy no matter how hard you try, having no definite time you get off makes it difficult to plan time away from work camp; could also lead to either long days/nights or not enough hours, if someone doesn't show up for work or walks out then you could end up stuck with a closing shift, you often have to do work to prep for the next shift or day camp; some people don't like having to do it Management, no breaks, long hours, crappy guests UN attainable goals, killer stress, team members with low levels of work ethic To many Indians and not enough chiefs to many people doing what they want with no authorized management struggles to make consistent collaborative decisions. No time to separate work and family in tired of food industry The discount is only 25%, you're doing three people's jobs at all times, customers are AWFUL, no room for advancement, hourly pay isn't the best, tip percentage is small You can end up working very long shifts and hard to get coverage at times. A lot of turns over, hard to get shifts covered Not the workers but some times it was the customers, some was just having a bad day and would take it out on you and no matter what you had to have a smile on your face. Lunch shifts with older servers was very dull and not fun whatsoever. Mediocre training Normally had to work every weekend they didn't seem to believe in rotating the weekends between employees the pay is also not so great unless you are a server then there is potential to make more overtime is hard to get Wanted to move up to serving but never got the chance. -Corporate... -Force you to push surveys on the customers, most of which couldn't care less. -To strict with server scripting.they say that you are supposed to be yourself and bring out your personality, but then they make you recommend 2 alcoholic drinks, two appetizers, two entrees, and dessert. -Corporate forces the kitchen to skimp on portions which angers guests, which in turn screws over the servers because in order to get them more of whatever was skimped we have to charge them extra (aka quest dip, spinach dip) There is not a lot of support from higher ups when it comes to understanding daily tasks in the restaurant.