Fun work environment for a part-time gig Easy to get time off, great co-workers, felt like a family Lots of opportunity for growth, Fun atmosphere, easy to make coworker friends, Good management team at my store for the most part. Good atmosphere, free food was a plus Good place to work good quality of life They type of work is fun and can be very lucrative if you know what you're doing very flexible. Pay is decent, not great.....skills can be mediocre at other places but you will excel at Apple be's Decent pay, OK food, lots of hours, very fast paced, Great people to work with friendly management laid back blue collared working environment. Good team to work with, management is understanding and works with your needs, half off meals while working The people that I worked with were good Social work environment, friendly staff Great place to make quick cash and work with good friendly people Very flexible schedules, servers can make quick money, it is very easy to pick up shifts if you need money. - Opportunity to make money based off of how quickly you can turn tables Great flexibility in the work schedule, quick money making opportunity, great opportunity to get your foot in the door in the restaurant industry. I worked with some great General Managers and I've worked with some people who let a tiny bit of power go straight to their head. Allowed me to work with and make new friends while being able to make a quick buck when waiting on tables the food was actually good, the salads were quite tasty, but the steak is average at best. Managers are very good about working around your schedule Easy to get a job, growth potential Fun atmosphere, great people, and never bored You get to meet some great people My co-workers were really awesome, I really enjoyed working with them daily. Great relationships - the people that I had worked with and met as a result are some of the finest individuals I have met. Fun environment - there was never a dull moment. Nice regular clientele, I made friendships that outlasted my employment there. The best reasons for working at Apple bee's are the flexibility of the work schedule, which allows me to go to school, work, and have a family life, and the generally fast-paced work environment is also, at least for me, another benefit.