Management is very difficult to work with I didn't care for the fact that there was no official end time to my shift. They have no idea how to schedule anything and are not on top of pay roll Fast paced so pretty stressful at times. Disrespectful customers and lazy servers tips are not the best, not a steady flow of customers, we close way too late, and people stiff more than you would think Long hours, hard work/life balance Disorganized with an extreme turnover rate Not great pay and some under qualified management Not sure yet new employee using this as side gig the restaurant is new, while I was there, so there were some kinks and problems that needed to be worked out. Mainly staffing scheduling and low key problems any new business would have Low pay, angry customers, loud Management sucks at making people do their jobs Not a very structured environment, can get really hectic during peak hours, most managers are of no help and rude As far as I can see there is so far no downside to working as a part-time employee at apple bees. You have to deal with some very annoying and very rude customers at times. I was a waitress so unstable pay working the weekends are obviously a bummer A lot of the people didn't care and took advantage of some management (would show up late consistently, slack off on side work). Other employees would like to start problems with each other, breaks we're encouraged NOT to take and if you did you were punished by having to stay longer, managers were bad at communicating with employees some time not great friendly people to work with Long hours, poor environment, management not the best Can be stressful when busy, long hours sometimes without breaks No innovation and boring menu items that don’t stand out Tips were low because of prices High volume and very stressful environment. Job sucked and I left Pay is not very good $6.00 an hour plus small portion of the waiters tips. Having to help clean the tables for such a long period is exhausting Too corporate. Typical high demand and high stress found in the restaurant industry Lots of side work at times and getting out can be difficult if the restaurant starts to get busy after you've been cut. You only make 3.85/hr (depending on the area), so if there is no business then you don't make much money at all. Really bad and late hours low pay and takes a while to hear back for hiring Revolving managers and employees.