People are nice and the whole system is easy to work with Good tips, go to hours and management is awesome business is steady so tips are as well good job to have Good place to make a decent income, the system is pretty easy to use. Good benefits all right people to work for alright people to work for pretty good systems in place I love cooking being able to work period Fun environment and people working there Positive environment, opportunities to grow as i server I made amazing tips for it being a small restaurant i am small town. As many hours as your willing to work with time and a half after 40 hours they like to promote from within if your willing to put in the work the company is willing to move you up and pay you what you are worth fun good place to work Apple bee's provides a fun and upbeat atmosphere while delivering great food by excellent servers. They were great The work environment is fast paced, fun, and the managers are friendly and very helpful I enjoyed the people I worked with Great money, works with your schedule, nice staff Fast paced, with clear expectations Great team, camp; work atmosphere. The food is great and I love the cocktails Pay reflective of work, good discounts, fun environment fun place to work and get to know people You work with great people in a fun and happy environment. The friends I met there will be friends for life i got paid pretty good free food its so good like yeah Love kids and retail and working in clothes environment and retail is good sometimes and the young girls look at me as a role model Great place to work. Apple bee's is a great place to work, what you get out of it is really what you put in Great tips hours money people The coworkers here are quite friendly I made great money working there The company is a great company to work for, I really enjoy working for them. Paid well, work felt rewarding, good employee benefits You have the job of providing a fun experience to people who need to get away camp; take a break from life, Apple Buddy culture is very supportive of fellow co-workers, Fast paced, you get to know regulars, meeting new people passing though, when you get off work depends on how busy it is The people I work with are great. Great place to learn how to serve Great place to learn how to serve its wonderful place to work this is an awesome job and very good paid for a beginner Great pay for it to be able too much many sees you in the morning first day of my friends to are you doing the atmosphere is nice, there are nice people there, and the managers are nice. Good money serving, flexible hours, time off easy to get as a host it's a pretty chill job as long as u do the basic requirements, the people i work with make the job worth going to Apple bee's International was a very different place to work when Abe Austin was at the helm.