My managers and coworkers have little to no regard for their jobs and careers and they careless about their job performance, the teams' performance, and professionalism in the workplace. A lot of lazy people to work with... long hours of bending and lifting steaming hot plates, no room to think, the dishes pile up quick if you have to use the bathroom. Sometimes denied a break because the cooks where backed up The corporate office creates a negative cut throat environment were you are threatened with warnings, write ups and even termination if you do not up sell enough and get people to go online and fill out surveys on the service. Customers don't always tip well, pay is very low, lots of running around and hard work, can be stuck until 2 in the morning working and cleaning, essentially no real break to eat or relax They worked management staff too many hours for the amount of pay Bosses were not always nice, Long hours, low pay Unwilling to keep up facilities, pressure to profit over freshness. Management liked who they liked and disliked who they disliked, it didn't matter how hard you worked, if management didn't like you, you would be treated with disrespect and scheduled the worst hours. In many occasions, the employees that were slower and did not care got the better hours and more respect than the ones that worked their butt off. You get ridiculed constantly for petty things such as the amount of ice that is in a glass or the smile on your face not being as genuine as it could when you have 100's of customers to serve. Required to do more than anyone person could manage to do in one day No down time, no free time, taking work home to get the job done Not a lot of money, terrible customers Working your butt off for WAY below minimum wages. 2 of my managers were caught stealing from the restaurant Chaos and disorganization describes the whole organization Micro management defined - daily emails reminding managers to do the most basic of duties this was insulting and an incredible waste of time. Achievable bonus structure - says it all. Left alone on the bar cleaning and closing the bar also during store hours after10pm the carbide to go person goes home and so the bartender is in charger of carbide to go as we as the bar and usually that's when people come in!!!!