The food is not great, they are not there to make great food, they are more concerned with the bottom line-how can we make the most food, the most efficiently and get more people at the tables to get the most money. Employees are smoking weed outside, bringing in booze (and they are only 18), coming to work stoned if they come in at all, and the morning manager and GM know about it but do nothing because no one wants to work there and they need servers. They keep making the menu cheaper which causes less and fewer tips. Makes us work hard for customers who doesn't appreciate us as employees and gives us a hard time. Only give the good shifts to they favorite people and the rest of us only get the weekends and night shifts sucks really bad .... most of the hosts/hostesses are teenagers and you will find their level of maturity, lack of self awareness, horrific verbal communication skills, and below average work ethic irritating if you are over the age of 21. The hosts refuse to work as a team and even if you are a good host you get blamed for the mistakes the lazy hosts make. Shady management that couldn't care less about you, rude customers, unpredictable hours, very long shifts, almost never get breaks, unwilling to accommodate around your school schedule, coworker drama, no benefits, you will not be promoted unless you suck up to management not a happy work environment poor management, horrible tips in lower income areas, constant harassment Overbearing management and employees will always lose out to customer complaints, even if the customer is clearly in the wrong and/or lying to obtain free food. I quit because I got sick (I have a chronic illness and I have flares, ) and the assistant manager (who was a huge jerk all the time, I must say, ) told me I had to get a doctors note to return to work. The work environment itself was very negative and filled with drama the servers who had been working there the longest got the best sections which meant that if you were newly hired you were put in terrible sections with low support, and were unlikely to make any money by the end of the evening. The management above him were not personable, and very discouraging - often during visits to the locations they would not even acknowledge you - for example, I once said a simple “hi how are you” to one of the area directors, and he simply ignored me and walked away after clearly hearing me, how is that for professional at all.?. Customers don't always tip well, pay is very low, lots of running around and hard work, can be stuck until 2 in the morning working and cleaning, essentially no real break to eat or relax They worked management staff too many hours for the amount of pay Bosses were not always nice, Long hours, low pay Unwilling to keep up facilities, pressure to profit over freshness. Left alone on the bar cleaning and closing the bar also during store hours after10pm the carbide to go person goes home and so the bartender is in charger of carbide to go as we as the bar and usually that's when people come in!!!!