My main problem was multiple paycheck discrepancies, after complaining multiple times that the hosts tip out share was not being calculated correctly I quit, and then a week later I was informed that the hosts had all received “raises,” or the manager eventually figured out the pay error and corrected it. The food is not great, they are not there to make great food, they are more concerned with the bottom line-how can we make the most food, the most efficiently and get more people at the tables to get the most money. Employees are smoking weed outside, bringing in booze (and they are only 18), coming to work stoned if they come in at all, and the morning manager and GM know about it but do nothing because no one wants to work there and they need servers. They keep making the menu cheaper which causes less and fewer tips. Makes us work hard for customers who doesn't appreciate us as employees and gives us a hard time. Only give the good shifts to they favorite people and the rest of us only get the weekends and night shifts sucks really bad .... -expect to be forced to work when you are sick no management assistance during peak times Horrible managers horrible pay very low hours managers like to play favorites say your off then lie so you'll get in trouble Hands down the WORST management ever. No hours. Don't walk out with as much tip money as you should Understaffed, weak policy on denying service to customers who become verbally abusive to staff, awful pay rates for hours worked Long hours, bad pay, bad management usually, no benefits Management, service, food, dirty, hours, overworked Management sucks, customers are rude don't tip and act out just to get free food poor management. Most of the hosts/hostesses are teenagers and you will find their level of maturity, lack of self awareness, horrific verbal communication skills, and below average work ethic irritating if you are over the age of 21. The hosts refuse to work as a team and even if you are a good host you get blamed for the mistakes the lazy hosts make. Shady management that couldn't care less about you, rude customers, unpredictable hours, very long shifts, almost never get breaks, unwilling to accommodate around your school schedule, coworker drama, no benefits, you will not be promoted unless you suck up to management not a happy work environment poor management, horrible tips in lower income areas, constant harassment Overbearing management and employees will always lose out to customer complaints, even if the customer is clearly in the wrong and/or lying to obtain free food. I quit because I got sick (I have a chronic illness and I have flares, ) and the assistant manager (who was a huge jerk all the time, I must say, ) told me I had to get a doctors note to return to work. The work environment itself was very negative and filled with drama the servers who had been working there the longest got the best sections which meant that if you were newly hired you were put in terrible sections with low support, and were unlikely to make any money by the end of the evening.