Made excellent tips, decent hours, had good feedback from guests often A great company to work for, but Working with fun people, easy money, flexible hours Good hours, decent pay and room to grow Great pay for starting salary Flexible schedule with college classes, decent pay with tips Good industry experience for beginners in full service dining Lots of cute guys come in Easy job, bar, experience you can be as lazy as you want employees were fun to work with Fun vibes cool co workers good food cool kitchen nice and clean if you make it that way prep is fun and chill to do Easy to be hired when looking for a first job Good employees. - High energy Flexibility, quick money, casual work environment - Was easy to fit in with coworkers and feel like you're a part of a team most of the time. - Time went by fast due to always having something to do. - Was a part of the tip share. - 50% off employee discount The atmosphere is relaxed, the staff has great moral, and the customers are genuinely available and happy to come there. Football season is busy, great coworkers, good drink options/happy hour choices, easy menu to memorize, to go options for customers, great dessert choices, computer devices at table to provide faster service for customers, shifts are delivered online and are easy to release and add if you are looking for more It was a good first job. Great teamwork building and moral upkeep Flexible hours, some nights you make good tips, simple uniform, for the most part there is good teamwork with all the servers Got good discount and good food when getting off or cut and getting to know the regulars who came in The environment, the people, and most of the customers were a very pleasant experience. 5 day work week, good benefits Tenuously changing environment, fun atmosphere, competitive salary, 20 of opportunities for advancement, great benefits package paid vacation at the start You get some free food now and then good money and easy going atmosphere Nice servers to work with Fun fun.... Nice customers Everyone who I worked with was awesome, mangers included!. Most of the time I just pick up shifts whenever I am available to work Free training meal, chill coworkers, can fold kids menus if there's nothing to do Meeting awesome people both fellow employees and customers You meet good people and get to leave with the money you earned that day Great that you're able to make quick money and walk home with a decent amount at the end of the night on a busy day. Flexible schedule, great coworkers Consistent customer flow, good location, consistent management practices, expectations were made clear by management, variety in food, wine, liquor and beer The atmosphere and co-workers that I worked with were generally nice and it could get crowded if working the evening shift which gave the potential of earning a decent amount of tips. Good discount was able to be long term friends with people who have worked there -Some of the employees had good work ethics, thus it was a pleasure working with people who had your back and understood the meaning of teamwork. -The hours are flexible, and one of the managers was really good about respecting your school schedule. Thorough training discounts on food and drinks was nice and as you progress through the chain you earn the ability to give friends and family discounts too Nice people, easy work, flexible schedule Good work environment, nice people, good hours Great managers, good food, laid-back environment Co- worker and management treat you like family. Great for those wanting to get experience in the restaurant industry; I learned a lot and have a new respect for those who do work in the restaurant industry as much OT as u want Fun atmosphere easy to make money Co workers are amazing, customers are okay This is a difficult review to write because I initially worked at an Apple bee's that cared about employee performance, employee happiness, and guest's experience.