People are nice and the whole system is easy to work with Good tips, go to hours and management is awesome business is steady so tips are as well good job to have Good place to make a decent income, the system is pretty easy to use. Good benefits all right people to work for alright people to work for pretty good systems in place I love cooking being able to work period Fun environment and people working there Positive environment, opportunities to grow as i server I made amazing tips for it being a small restaurant i am small town. Very friendly people work with you on schusses Pay, Great Team, Extensive Training, close to home Fast money, great friendships made with co workers and guest Meeting new people, and a positive work envoriment great working environment and management It's a fun family environment, gets busy. My co-workers are nice and I made a lot of friends Got a job which is good place to learn, surprisingly great food, great management Great team that I work with!. Great People, Great Benefits, Great location Great fun and stable company the location was good so there was heavy traffic so the money is good when you're working alone on weekdays but you'll need the help on weekends Pretty flexible with scheduling. As many hours as your willing to work with time and a half after 40 hours they like to promote from within if your willing to put in the work the company is willing to move you up and pay you what you are worth fun good place to work Apple bee's provides a fun and upbeat atmosphere while delivering great food by excellent servers. Good people to work with Good pay, good co-workers, fair management Great benefits and insurance is awesome Awesome team camp; management communication is great. Money is good if you are good as a server Loved my general manager and the people I work with Number of Locations in the Group The crew is awesome, fast pace with potential to grow. They were great The work environment is fast paced, fun, and the managers are friendly and very helpful I enjoyed the people I worked with Great money, works with your schedule, nice staff Fast paced, with clear expectations Great team, camp; work atmosphere. Let me off whenever I wanted as long as I put it in the agenda/scheduling book Great Coworkers, nice managers for the most part, flexible work/school schedule Great people and management very positive work atmosphere Very supportive, fun place to work.