Made excellent tips, decent hours, had good feedback from guests often A great company to work for, but Working with fun people, easy money, flexible hours Good hours, decent pay and room to grow Great pay for starting salary Flexible schedule with college classes, decent pay with tips Good industry experience for beginners in full service dining Lots of cute guys come in Easy job, bar, experience you can be as lazy as you want employees were fun to work with Fun vibes cool co workers good food cool kitchen nice and clean if you make it that way prep is fun and chill to do Easy to be hired when looking for a first job Good employees. - High energy Flexibility, quick money, casual work environment - Was easy to fit in with coworkers and feel like you're a part of a team most of the time. - Time went by fast due to always having something to do. - Was a part of the tip share. - 50% off employee discount The atmosphere is relaxed, the staff has great moral, and the customers are genuinely available and happy to come there. Great teamwork building and moral upkeep Flexible hours, some nights you make good tips, simple uniform, for the most part there is good teamwork with all the servers Got good discount and good food when getting off or cut and getting to know the regulars who came in The environment, the people, and most of the customers were a very pleasant experience. Most of the time I just pick up shifts whenever I am available to work Free training meal, chill coworkers, can fold kids menus if there's nothing to do Meeting awesome people both fellow employees and customers You meet good people and get to leave with the money you earned that day Great that you're able to make quick money and walk home with a decent amount at the end of the night on a busy day. Good discount was able to be long term friends with people who have worked there -Some of the employees had good work ethics, thus it was a pleasure working with people who had your back and understood the meaning of teamwork. -The hours are flexible, and one of the managers was really good about respecting your school schedule. Thorough training discounts on food and drinks was nice and as you progress through the chain you earn the ability to give friends and family discounts too Nice people, easy work, flexible schedule Good work environment, nice people, good hours Great managers, good food, laid-back environment Co- worker and management treat you like family. -potential to move up the people are fun to work with, the atmosphere is friendly the pay was decent for a kitchen position, the people were nice, the job was nice and physically and mentally demanding cash in hand when you leave, opportunity for advancement The management is interactive with the employee's and they encourage you to help one another using the Apple buddy system. Flexible scheduling, opportunity to make good money, usually get time off if you request it, coworkers were the best part cash in-hand every shift, a good reference for other server jobs, opportunity to strengthen your skills, employee food discount, basic and simple menu Tips from serving can allow for you to walk away with a nice chunk of cash, discounts on food, people I worked with were awesome, and making sales was relatively easy as the food is quite good Hostesses got tip share The Atmosphere is great. Flexible hours, great for those that need a part-time job or in between jobs Good pay, some good managers can really make good tips if you pick the right shifts Got to meet a lot of people, pay was good There is always a steady flow of customers, you get to wear pretty much anything black It works well if you are a college student. Good team to work with, management is understanding and works with your needs, half off meals while working The people that I worked with were good Social work environment, friendly staff Great place to make quick cash and work with good friendly people Very flexible schedules, servers can make quick money, it is very easy to pick up shifts if you need money.