You get to make great friends tips are nice, knowing you get cash that shift and not having to wait till the next check, the menu is extremely easy to remember, the overall job is easy to do Schedule flexibility, fast pace, always active. Convenience, fast service and good for extra learning Can be fun and fast based nothing Refused to pay me for vacation hires felons Always money to be made, never a lack of guests Tips can be great sometimes Money is good and nights go by fast Decently cool people to work alongside. Co-workers become like family, make a very good amount of money, not a hard job to do Can be a fun environment Great food and flexible hours You have the ability to take home money daily. Made excellent tips, decent hours, had good feedback from guests often A great company to work for, but Working with fun people, easy money, flexible hours Good hours, decent pay and room to grow Great pay for starting salary Flexible schedule with college classes, decent pay with tips Good industry experience for beginners in full service dining Lots of cute guys come in Easy job, bar, experience you can be as lazy as you want employees were fun to work with Fun vibes cool co workers good food cool kitchen nice and clean if you make it that way prep is fun and chill to do Easy to be hired when looking for a first job Good employees. Many shifts available; easy work; hands-on lower managers; easy money Well known name, decent clientele Food discount is nice to have Flexible schedule, tip share for hosts and bartenders, semi-casual dress, easy to learn roles Steady and consistent schedule, generally good atmosphere, clearly defined tasks and good customers. - High energy Flexibility, quick money, casual work environment - Was easy to fit in with coworkers and feel like you're a part of a team most of the time. - Time went by fast due to always having something to do. - Was a part of the tip share. - 50% off employee discount The atmosphere is relaxed, the staff has great moral, and the customers are genuinely available and happy to come there. Football season is busy, great coworkers, good drink options/happy hour choices, easy menu to memorize, to go options for customers, great dessert choices, computer devices at table to provide faster service for customers, shifts are delivered online and are easy to release and add if you are looking for more It was a good first job. Company had strong market strategy the job had its up a down the only good thing I can say about a restaurant is that it definitely brings an interesting group of people to the back of the kitchen Lots of hours, lots to learn. Flexible hours Fun, Nice People sometimes Staff is very nice to each other Schedule is pretty consistent and management listens to your scheduling requests Flexible Hours, decent pay, able to move up to different positions. Great teamwork building and moral upkeep Flexible hours, some nights you make good tips, simple uniform, for the most part there is good teamwork with all the servers Got good discount and good food when getting off or cut and getting to know the regulars who came in The environment, the people, and most of the customers were a very pleasant experience.