Disrespectful customers and lazy servers tips are not the best, not a steady flow of customers, we close way too late, and people stiff more than you would think Long hours, hard work/life balance Disorganized with an extreme turnover rate Not great pay and some under qualified management Not sure yet new employee using this as side gig the restaurant is new, while I was there, so there were some kinks and problems that needed to be worked out. Mainly staffing scheduling and low key problems any new business would have Low pay, angry customers, loud Management sucks at making people do their jobs Not a very structured environment, can get really hectic during peak hours, most managers are of no help and rude As far as I can see there is so far no downside to working as a part-time employee at apple bees. I was a waitress so unstable pay working the weekends are obviously a bummer A lot of the people didn't care and took advantage of some management (would show up late consistently, slack off on side work). Other employees would like to start problems with each other, breaks we're encouraged NOT to take and if you did you were punished by having to stay longer, managers were bad at communicating with employees some time not great friendly people to work with Long hours, poor environment, management not the best Can be stressful when busy, long hours sometimes without breaks No innovation and boring menu items that don’t stand out Tips were low because of prices High volume and very stressful environment. Typical high demand and high stress found in the restaurant industry Lots of side work at times and getting out can be difficult if the restaurant starts to get busy after you've been cut. You only make 3.85/hr (depending on the area), so if there is no business then you don't make much money at all. Working in food service can wear on your patience The rest of the management can be demanding and expect you to know every little thing when they haven't explained it to you Crowded and confusing scheduling. The pay and hours where not worth it having to be on my feet for hours, really sucked Summer hours were awful camp; hard to handle Hungry people are insane and rude Lack of creative control, too much bureaucracy, cut throat mentality in middle management None I love my job!!. People are Rude, Pay is not good, No promotions There is a lot of paperwork to do so if your not someone that can schedule your time properly you will have more difficulty keeping up Often bad management can completely derail the system the corporation has in place for every store and this also means that your employee retention will always be disastrously low... No dishwasher, manager was unorganized not really much to say. Sometimes confusing with management there are no cons at Apple bees lazy co-workers who let you do all the work No set time off so could be a 2 hour shift or an 8 hour shift I need to be there I miss it a lot Hours were not always great Lack of team work, a downturn in sales=a major drop in tips and take home pay. -No benefits outside of the hourly pay The customers can drive you insane and the managers do not help you all the time Game days, no complaints Up for long hours.