No team work, favoritism, no neatness with plate representation, high food waste corporate does not care about employees Poor management and communication between management and employees Management was not fair to everyone. But then they hired like 3 more servers and one was a college girl that lives with her parents with no experience but he let her be a server because “she needs the money” The people you work with are all fake. Horrible management at my location Management, customers are rude, always on your feet Don't care about the customer service and employees clientele was awful, management was OK GM constantly yelling. Poor management and lack of skill growth Crap training crap hours people disordering when rushes hit during prep it sucks dislike doing dishes all the time and computer training is completely irrelevant managers don't care like they should. My main problem was multiple paycheck discrepancies, after complaining multiple times that the hosts tip out share was not being calculated correctly I quit, and then a week later I was informed that the hosts had all received “raises,” or the manager eventually figured out the pay error and corrected it. -If you're promised a promotion it will probably never ever happen so don't count on moving up in this company The franchisee that I worked for had managers split into shifts...3 managers for the store plus a GM. The food is not great, they are not there to make great food, they are more concerned with the bottom line-how can we make the most food, the most efficiently and get more people at the tables to get the most money. That is the goal of every business but it was taxing on the staff and management to keep up with the demand of the company. Long hours, no breaks, sloppy management, nowhere to move up in the company, no pay raises, poor training, was technically a part-time employee that worked fulltime hours plus overtime, no communication between managers (everyone has their own rules), hours varied every week, constantly understaffed. Can be stressful High ups do not appreciate the staff Awful management team, hosts don't understand how to rotate seating between sections so you're constantly being triple sat, no teamwork or help from anyone includes managers, and constantly being yelled at.