Good money if you put in the time and effort Working with the employees. You get to make great friends tips are nice, knowing you get cash that shift and not having to wait till the next check, the menu is extremely easy to remember, the overall job is easy to do Schedule flexibility, fast pace, always active. Convenience, fast service and good for extra learning Can be fun and fast based nothing Refused to pay me for vacation hires felons Always money to be made, never a lack of guests Tips can be great sometimes Money is good and nights go by fast Decently cool people to work alongside. Co-workers become like family, make a very good amount of money, not a hard job to do Can be a fun environment Great food and flexible hours You have the ability to take home money daily. The people that work here are nice and management is fair. Days can go by super productively and easy with the RIGHT management Decent money and good benefits Fun environment. Made excellent tips, decent hours, had good feedback from guests often A great company to work for, but Working with fun people, easy money, flexible hours Good hours, decent pay and room to grow Great pay for starting salary Flexible schedule with college classes, decent pay with tips Good industry experience for beginners in full service dining Lots of cute guys come in Easy job, bar, experience you can be as lazy as you want employees were fun to work with Fun vibes cool co workers good food cool kitchen nice and clean if you make it that way prep is fun and chill to do Easy to be hired when looking for a first job Good employees. It was very laid back and active It’s a very fun fast paced environment, a lot of fun people to work with Stable company, good track record the regulars. On busy days, the tips add up and are great extra money in you pocket. Shift store managers are great, good employees Flexible hours and friendly staff really great tips and food Good tips but hit or miss Schedule was constant, a lot of chance to advance.