Corporation is not good Managers don't really care about employees, schedule is inconsistent Pay wasn't very good and little advancement to become a server Overwhelming, Rude guests, Management, Hours, No room for advancement with in company Everywhere you go you'll find some sort of issues with management, and BJ's is no different. The only other thing that I can think of is the high-turnover rate of employees, meaning you may work with some people who aren't good at what they do, slowing you down or messing up your orders, and people who are shady, rude, or unprofessional. -they're trying to lower costs as much as possible so you run out of all the supplies you need all the time No teamwork, management was unorganized, Managers got very personal and definitely had their favorites, unfair, lots of fights between management back of house and servers Typical restaurant downfalls, inconsistent pay, unpredictable schedule, uneven work load. Hostile work environment, bad tippers due to this particular location being a part of an outdoor mall, Bad Management, Awful scheduling (coworkers often being scheduled double shifts without break time) Constant turnover (people would put in their two weeks after only working a week due to the lack of money being made) heavy focus on pitching food items and corporate interference. But same goes everywhere I suppose Not guaranteed hours (getting cut early) Management comes and goes -- trial and error -- not a terrible con Grueling work, and my schedule was not respected long hours; no breaks for the most part No teamwork, managers don't hold employees accountable for anything, will hire anyone even losers with no experience or ambition. Management is all over the place, forced to work overtime if your replacement is there on time hard to get as many shifts as needed Angry customers, but you'll get that anywhere No tips, very limited advancement, low pay, irregular hours Work life balance was low Dealing with the public is not easy. Went from college beer hang out to casual plus but clientele still same Not many cons, perhaps the only bad thing I've noticed is when they make bad hires that dilute the positive energy of the restaurant Not the best pay p Get cut after just a few hours if slow. Job can also get extremely stressful and some managers do not handle this well High quality work is not always noticed and the top dogs don't verbalize their appreciation -- it is just expected for you to work hard and continue working hard. Huge menu which can be frustrating to try to learn Too based on numbers of secret shoppers no matter what the circumstances, lots of turnover No development in positions or pay raise When it's in a slow season you get close to no hours. We are still currently understaffed at my location, and it's been this way since April. Costumers are very rude The training was not as hands-on as it should have been and the managers were often unprofessional to the point that they could have been reported for harassment.