Employee meals every shift, good food opportunity to grow, flexible with scheduling They have excellent training resources available, the staff is mostly friendly and helpful Not every restaurant is the same, so I am personally speaking from the Katy, Texas location, yet I'm sure this is common to many of the BJ's locations. The management is top of the line and always in sync with each other - which reflects on the atmosphere of the store and the amazing team work among st the staff. Flexible hours Very flexible schedule (uses hot schedules), great money for the work u put in, fast paced if in a busy location, potential to meet cool people, very easy side work, option to work doubles, employee discounts on food, I work there because I can make great money. Awesome place to work and huge chance to grow within the business I make great money for what I'm expected to do, we have a great selection of hand crafted brews and the food is amazing. Great management and friendly staff Great Teamwork and managers are willing to help Easy job, nice people working there, good hours and organized employee scheduling. Flexible hours the management is willing to work with you for time off and will go above and beyond to help out as long as you are doing your job and taking care of your responsibilities. Great ppm Love working here, the hours are flexible, the employees are friendly and hardworking -Once you have been there for a couple months, and start to get accustomed to the menu, you will make good money. Everyone worked as a team Good money and friendly co-workers Great company and great people Worked with great people and learned a lot Good benefits and achievable bonuses I enjoy working for BJ's. Working with a team, getting to know people with different interests, the harder you work the more money you make for the most part, regulars are usually always nice to talk to Good Pay Good Meals (at a discount especially at lunches) Health Benefits Flexible Scheduling Laid Back Management Good Money, Easy Flexible Schedule I really enjoyed working here and found it to be a great experience. To me, the people you work with camp; the relationships you build at work kind of make or breaks, but I'd have to say that I think I'm surrounded by a pretty chill group of co-workers camp; managers.