Hostile work environment, bad tippers due to this particular location being a part of an outdoor mall, Bad Management, Awful scheduling (coworkers often being scheduled double shifts without break time) Constant turnover (people would put in their two weeks after only working a week due to the lack of money being made) heavy focus on pitching food items and corporate interference. But same goes everywhere I suppose Not guaranteed hours (getting cut early) Management comes and goes -- trial and error -- not a terrible con Grueling work, and my schedule was not respected long hours; no breaks for the most part No teamwork, managers don't hold employees accountable for anything, will hire anyone even losers with no experience or ambition. Management is all over the place, forced to work overtime if your replacement is there on time hard to get as many shifts as needed Angry customers, but you'll get that anywhere No tips, very limited advancement, low pay, irregular hours Work life balance was low Dealing with the public is not easy. Went from college beer hang out to casual plus but clientele still same Not many cons, perhaps the only bad thing I've noticed is when they make bad hires that dilute the positive energy of the restaurant Not the best pay p Get cut after just a few hours if slow. Job can also get extremely stressful and some managers do not handle this well High quality work is not always noticed and the top dogs don't verbalize their appreciation -- it is just expected for you to work hard and continue working hard. Some workers and managers of this establishment really knows how to screw you over most of time, whether it is with schedules (despite the fact they use a really convenient site [HotSchedules]) or with moving positions in a restaurant. Huge menu which can be frustrating to try to learn Too based on numbers of secret shoppers no matter what the circumstances, lots of turnover No development in positions or pay raise When it's in a slow season you get close to no hours. We are still currently understaffed at my location, and it's been this way since April. Costumers are very rude The training was not as hands-on as it should have been and the managers were often unprofessional to the point that they could have been reported for harassment. Because this mystery shopper was having a bad day and what I was trained to do was actually wrong, I am now a single mom without a job to support my daughter and have no idea what I am going to do to pay for daycare and rent in a couple of weeks. - managers made exceptions to policy when customers would complain so you're on your own Getting stuck in one location for a minimum of 2 or more years, if unable to relocate moving up is difficult, late hours occasionally getting stuck working more than necessary, not many managers in each location leaves the restaurant struggling to cover if someone is hurt or out sick, lots of roll outs that take place without much time to properly execute.