-Great balance between work life and personal life Corporate company with a good product, takes care of those they move into key positions 2 years ago I worked here and really enjoyed it with good management and colleagues, but I can't say the same anymore Great opportunity to move up free food. Flexible scheduling was nice to have it is a good work It's a serving job so you will almost always leave with some money in your pocket and the people that work there are often really nice and cool to be around. If you have seniority, you can be allowed to work FT (heard they only allow a certain number of people to have benefits) The money of pretty good The depth of beer education was phenomenal. Flexible schedule, easy transfer between locations great pay and benefits, discount in meal My co-workers were awesome and employees had one free meal per 8 hour shifts made fairly good pay as a hostess; easy job Free food, always busy, food beer Good tips, challenging work place Free meals and good people Free meals, fun atmosphere, co-workers, discounts Great pay for a cooking job. People are great to work with can be good money if you want to take the YEARS it takes to work your way up. Good training for high volume serving. Many locations to transfer to The people you work with are awesome, every once in a while you get a gem of a manager to work with, which makes days or nights so much better. As a bus boy you get a cut of the tips for your shift, depending on how busy it is they can really add up. Likely to give you time off Good money, nice coworkers, great food Amazing GM to work for I love the team environment, I have always been a part of my team when playing field hockey so it was nice to see familiar similarities. Learned how to work a cash register, how to communicate efficiently with guests, how to work with a sense of urgency and be on my toes, learned to multitask, worked with my school schedule well and always gave me time off when I needed it (for the most part). Good job to learn to become a quick server The tips can be good when the kitchen doesn't take forever to get the food out. Good Food System seems to work and the restaurant is expanding There is a steady flow of customers and they provide a flexible schedule since they use hot schedules it is easy to trade shifts with employees.