When the restaurant gets full they seem to run around with their heads cut off Managers at this store were horrible work conditions unsafe I fell and they laughed and joked about it still have problem moving arm 3 Years ago Low quality food, mediocre management, cheap clientele All the service managers left a lot to be desired. Management, “teamwork” kitchen staff was awful crap pay, crap hours, crap management Because it is a big corporation there are a lot of problems, bad management, bad servers Its really under payed they expect too much for what they pay. -District managers (corporate) like to come in and sit in the middle of the restaurant and watch all the servers like a hawk. It Makes you feel really uncomfortable. -Table rotation/organization is horrible. -Booth seats and chairs often have ripped material. -Never enough kitchen utensils for the Food Runners to prep for the day. -New menu items all the time which takes away a lot of old customer favorites. -Loyalty program is a headache and never accurate. I really do like our Gm and a couple of the managers are really good and do seem to care but there are more that shouldn't be in that position. The restaurant isn't very clean and some clientele penny pinch on a lot and are pushy to get things free to the point they will complain. Host are not being trained well, they are taught not to be fair and many of them will take these bad habits with them as they advance in life. Hosts will not stay in ration and will often give good tables to only a few severs and continuously give bad tables to new servers. Another former employee resigned and gave her a letter of resignation and the general manager posted it on the wall and made fun of it to every other employee. The lack of communication is what kills me the most because each manager is trying to run the restaurant their own way and it contradicts the way that other managers try to run the restaurant when they are managing. Not only is the communication a huge downside to working here, but they view themselves as an untouchable corporation where ideas are immediately turned down because they pay people to do that behind a desk and not on the front lines.