Corporation is not good Managers don't really care about employees, schedule is inconsistent Pay wasn't very good and little advancement to become a server Overwhelming, Rude guests, Management, Hours, No room for advancement with in company Everywhere you go you'll find some sort of issues with management, and BJ's is no different. I will say that in my time here, the cons are minimal and the biggest con for me is a personal problem, which is the commute to work. The only other thing that I can think of is the high-turnover rate of employees, meaning you may work with some people who aren't good at what they do, slowing you down or messing up your orders, and people who are shady, rude, or unprofessional. Lastly, shifts can be short if that's what you're looking for, but unless you're able to fill your section and stay busy for the entirety of that time, the real money is made staying on longer which isn't always an option. -angry customers late hours, they close at 1 am three days out of the week which can be very exhausting and the kitchen can be a little sometimes slow and cause you to lose tip. -they're trying to lower costs as much as possible so you run out of all the supplies you need all the time No teamwork, management was unorganized, Managers got very personal and definitely had their favorites, unfair, lots of fights between management back of house and servers Typical restaurant downfalls, inconsistent pay, unpredictable schedule, uneven work load. Too many elements in the operations from day to day for the amount of members to a management team. *Management doesn't listen to you if you need to change your availability and will schedule you to work during time even though you cannot. *If you work a Lunch shift you get horrible hours (about 3-5), but if you work a dinner you get (6+ hours) Instead of making them equal people in the morning get screwed over. *Lack of Good Training. Hostile work environment, bad tippers due to this particular location being a part of an outdoor mall, Bad Management, Awful scheduling (coworkers often being scheduled double shifts without break time) Constant turnover (people would put in their two weeks after only working a week due to the lack of money being made) heavy focus on pitching food items and corporate interference.