When the restaurant gets full they seem to run around with their heads cut off Managers at this store were horrible work conditions unsafe I fell and they laughed and joked about it still have problem moving arm 3 Years ago Low quality food, mediocre management, cheap clientele All the service managers left a lot to be desired. It Makes you feel really uncomfortable. -Table rotation/organization is horrible. -Booth seats and chairs often have ripped material. -Never enough kitchen utensils for the Food Runners to prep for the day. -New menu items all the time which takes away a lot of old customer favorites. -Loyalty program is a headache and never accurate. The restaurant isn't very clean and some clientele penny pinch on a lot and are pushy to get things free to the point they will complain. Host are not being trained well, they are taught not to be fair and many of them will take these bad habits with them as they advance in life. Hosts will not stay in ration and will often give good tables to only a few severs and continuously give bad tables to new servers. The lack of communication is what kills me the most because each manager is trying to run the restaurant their own way and it contradicts the way that other managers try to run the restaurant when they are managing. So much favoritism, imbalanced workload to pay rate ratio - expect to do the work of more than one person while only getting paid for doing the work of one person; teamwork and communication are poor, no evaluations, no potential for advancement, language barriers and cultural differences create friction/division in the workplace, hours are so poor that you are forced to get a second job to supplement your income, and then penalized for it by management through scheduling cuts. Food runners shouldn't have to wait to get their tips, when their shift ends there should be a manager who correctly does the math based on the receipts for all the food run for their shift and tipped accordingly, because no waiter is going to tip a food runner the correct amount if they can just keep more money for themselves. Also, food runners going home with TIPS is the most ludicrous system i have ever heard of in 20years in the restaurant business. Once the trainers left, I figured out to my horror that I had to do twice the amount of work for my station than I was expecting to do (which was already a lot, more than one person can handle in a three hour time period before service). The cutting and breaking is terrible and chaotic, the managers get stressed too easily, the kitchen is really slow, and it just doesn't seem like anyone knows what they're doing and we, the servers, get blamed and tipped badly for it, and we're already getting bad tips because half the customers don't understand a good tip from a bad one. They refuse to keep enough staff working to make the restaurant run smoothly, so in order to pick up the slack we are made to clean the bathrooms, clear off tables, and wash silverware on top of seating people.