One of those decisions was to set one of the main TV's on the fox channel news, but the decision that really went straight to the heart of this company is the implementation of the 1/9 verify program...... I am an independent when it comes to political affiliation, but I can see this company its run by a true Republican, not wrong or bad but they should be more discreet about their political preference. - Extremely high expectations that cannot always be delivered<BR>- Fast-paced, and very stressful during peak hours or when under-staffed<BR>- High management relocation, hard to develop a strong relationship<BR>- If you have lazy coworkers, there is a lot of slack to pick up<BR>- Multiple managers giving conflicting directions<BR>- Constantly changing menu and promotions, hard to keep up with<BR>- Dealing with drunk/belligerent guests<BR>- If the manager doesn't like you, your schedule can be undesirable<BR>- No longer add gratuity to large parties (as of 3/2013) Management was scatter brained. Not to mention the amount of managers we went through before the corporate office finally to decided to get with reality. You will get all the worst shifts to work and you would always be short staff and out of glasses, silverware on weekends when you are very busy. We would always run out of product on the night shift, and the GM and EKM who make all the orders would be at home while you are dealing with upset customers because we don't have what they order. When you would bring it to the area mgr attention he would get upset with you and ask what are you doing to change the out of product situation. A month later we had all new management, excluding out AGM who has been there for a very long time.<BR>Along with this came the most stressful, unhappy, work environment I have ever been in, and the reason I believe that it is all so frustrating is that it could completely be avoided, Man agent needs some work. They refuse to keep enough staff working to make the restaurant run smoothly, so in order to pick up the slack we are made to clean the bathrooms, clear off tables, and wash silverware on top of seating people. On busy days it is impossible to complete everything while trying to keep up with the large amount of guests that need to be seated. If you still decided that this is a place you want to work, expect to wait over an hour for an interview to then have a manager tell you to come back another day.