- frustrating<BR>-they're trying to lower costs as much as possible so you run out of all the supplies you need all the time It was arduous work especially during nights Might needs to improve communication with employees Militant managers sometimes don't seem human. Earliest to request off is a month -Sometimes Management is hard to find when you need them (you will need them if you need them to take stuff off the bill or talk to a guest)<BR><BR>-Tips can fluctuate depending on the section your in (there are some sections that are better than others because of the amount of tables they turn hourly)<BR><BR>-Kitchen is a lot of the times slow. (this affects the happiness of your guests because a lot of the times their entrees will come out before their appetizer or they will be waiting around 30 min for a salad) Lots of employees tend to leave because being not liking the job<BR>Scheduling can lead to almost no rest period Depends on which location you work. The work hours could be better There is no automatic gratuity for large parties so there have been times when I have gone in and only had parties of 14 or more all night and left with almost nothing (less than $30). Management not always on top of things/great, no health benefits if part-time bad management that makes it difficult to give customers the best experience Management at the time sucked. The computer systems were bass-akwards and the guests did not seek to<BR>Be the first priority. The managers put so much pressure on you so they get their bonus Hostile work environment, bad tippers due to this particular location being a part of an outdoor mall, Bad Management, Awful scheduling (coworkers often being scheduled double shifts without break time) Constant turnover (people would put in their two weeks after only working a week due to the lack of money being made) heavy focus on pitching food items and corporate interference. They just want to look good for corporate tracking their every move instead of actually trying to make the restaurant run better, they fudge all the numbers corporate receives!. Also, if he does come to the store, the managers forget to schedule your meeting.<BR><BR>If you are a responsible person, they take advantage of that. Most of my coworkers are late all the time, barely do their jobs, and run for the door when they think they can.