Fun environment and lots of food around the Corporate Support Center Great company culture, flexible hours, caring management The Cheesecake Factory is a dynamic place with dedication and excellence demonstrated at every level and at the same time a warm, family atmosphere. Management is great and the money isn't bad The Cheesecake Factory is a melting pot for some of the best managers and chefs in the country. The staff will help you move forward and will take time to help you develop personally or professionally. If you're afraid of being harassed for a mistake, it won't make you're afraid of making the mistake, but of the person. . With a 200+ item menu and standardized restaurant operation, it's probably one of the best places in the United States to begin working at right out of culinary school to get a good look at your textbooks at work. If you're afraid of being harassed for a mistake, it won't make you're afraid of making the mistake, but of the person. . With a 200+ item menu and standardized restaurant operation, it's probably one of the best places in the United States to begin working at right out of culinary school to get a good look at your textbooks at work. House the most important part of the same time for Insurance benefits for working an avg of 25 hours/week (this may have changed since I left in 2012). Scheduling is fair, no favoritism. Open door policy if you ever feel upset or uncomfortable and need to talk to someone. Money isn't amazing but it's consistent. 50% discount on meals, up to a certain $ amount, while on the clock. This job will teach you the ins and outs of how restaurants operate and the longer you stay, the more responsibility you will be given. -understanding coworkers and managers, who are always willing to listen to any problems you might have. - you have the ability to earn tips Good tips, good restaurant experience Great team work, great environment, great opportunity to grow great company, great management, always room for advancement Amazing people.