The management isn't always the best, the hours can be tough[getting out on time is RARE], dealing with corporate can be just as stressful The management is insane and forgetful, schedule comes out weird and many times screwed over when it comes to hours and the GM over micro manages. Been waiting over a month to switch to a different section of the restaurant but still no word and still have not had my 6 month review even though i have been there over 7 months. If you are on a mgr's good list and kiss a lot butt, you can pretty much get anything you want, and by all means don't make any waves - you'll end up a second rate number. The CCF became a multi-billion dollar company after 30 years with servers who smoked and when you walk by a fine dining restaurant and see that their employees can go out for a smoke and we can't it kinda makes you mad. After a busy 4 hours waiting on rude foreigners, a smoke would certainly be nice for the ones who have the habit- instead you get a progressively more irritated server!. Speaking of foreigners, there is NO policy against autocrats and we should be allowed to do it at locations that suffer the low or no tips from Europeans, Canadians and others who just don't wanna tip..... The company as a whole is aware of the problem yet refuses to do anything about it, to me that demonstrates they only care about their bank accounts and as long as the check total is paid....... One more thing......why for such a HUGE company am I having to pay $100 or more a month for health insurance ?. Work too hard for little pay The company is not interested in taking care of its employees, low pay and long hours - Somewhat unprofessional and “high school”-like environment, though I imagine this is not uncommon in the restaurant industry (e.g. gossiping, servers socializing in hearing range of guests, etc.). So if a random person is a secret shopper, a person who can get a free meal through contacting the company through the internet, and they liked or disliked your service, they can and will be filed in your report. The guests can say whatever they want and are always viewed as correct over the actual employee, the guests side will always be listened to, the employees won't- shouldn't it be the other way?. A guest can leave, and often does, leave no tip, employees are not allowed to ask if there was a problem with the service, or they will be fired, and a manager will never stick up for the employee and ask if there was a problem to the guest.