Vast menu Good benefits, competitive pay, closed on Christmas and thanksgiving, take one cash one vacations, potential to make more money through steps The food is great Benefits, pay is above average, great food, can make a huge career from it. Food tastes good money, large friendly staff, flexible shifts You get discounted food after your shift and sometimes a free meal for completing a task a manager needs. The side work is really minimal as well and rotated based on the section you’re in Great serving job with lots of down time to play on your phone or surf the internet. More or less consistent Good tips, good coworkers who push you to develop your skills You might make some good friends, you can make some decent money from time to time I started as a Baker to become a Cashier... Fun work atmosphere, some managers are good, allowed free meal each shift, medical insurance offered, friendly employees the people/other servers, some events they host for staff, can be funny Fun environment and good experience for first time working at a restaurant. Paid uniforms, vacation pay, benefits Love my co-workers, and atmosphere I work in The people are nice there, the food is very good, you get to learn about the restaurant business the host staff really appreciated me. If you work hard you have a better chance of getting paid more Good pay, fast paced, you can easily be promoted and be paid $15 an hour as a cashier The ability to make A lot of money in a short time and flexible hours. -Room for promotions Learned a lot of skills that had enabled me to successfully utilize even in manufacturing and distribution guests have brand loyalty, work in very busy store, huge variety in menu brings in everyone, add a slice or two to the bill and check average goes up. great money for part-time work experience and lots of opportunity They really train you to know their 200 + item menu, it's a really sanitary environment, health benefit options once you hit fulltime, great employee incentives All the necessary equipment is always ready to work, the team work actually works in this restaurant. . Great management and awesome staff Good medical, used to be better Benefits great company to work for they will take care of you lots of room to advance can move anywhere