Since the store is so busy the staff and managers are always stressed out There really are no cons The managers are very hit or miss at their job lack of being able to advance quickly Serving 90% tourists and You will get 0 tip one to two times daily!. Very hectic and unorganized sometimes, clientele can be bad LONG hours, high stress, thankless The management team is all about the guests and sometime step on the servers toes or make the server look bad just to appease the guests. Turnover is a real problem, management is a mess and isn't interested in your goals or desire to advance in the company, shifts never end on time (sometimes with a difference of 3+ hours without any warning or extra compensation), management is also quick to shift the blame and even quicker at reprimanding workers for minor, or even imagined, offenses I don't really have anything negative to say about this place Management was a little too corporate for my preference. High stress environment, late hours A lot of physical labor and can sometimes be mentally exhausting dealing with the servers, answering the phone, hard to cross train, line cooks are rude and the people who come in It is very busy, so it would not be ideal for the lazy. Achieving a work life Balance is a struggle because of amount of hours scheduled per day not every week you get 40 hours some weeks you won't get that sometimes you have to work doubles the pay doesn't match with the work and the pay starts of at 11. The restaurant runs lean, so 9-10 hours with no break is not uncommon; Hours can be inconsistent, therefore pay is inconsistent; You will end up working most weekends as that is the busiest time; They tend to hire kitchen managers outside the company, which makes it tougher to move up the ranks. Management at times is not so great The managers and the management system are horrible, you stay later than the time you're scheduled to get off (sometimes 2 or three hours later) every night unless given “permission” to leave on time, you only get a break if you work a double shift (10+ hours) or if you work a 9 hour shift exact. Food service can never be perfect all the time, but that seems to be the expectation long days, sometimes you get screwed over if you are in a different par of the restaurant, managers are stubborn and have no common sense You will get screwed over by the guest, by the manager's, and unfortunately, by your coworkers, but it is part of the job as a server. It seemed liked nobody could finish food. -Typical Rigid corporate structure writes up, reviews and constant threat of negative reviews. -as mentioned before a lot of favoritism when it came to the sections, and how much money you made, during the initial interview set wrong expectations of how much we could actually make It can take awhile before you have the “seniority” to get the high quality shifts. Serving at a location with so many foreigners and tourists you have to have very thick skin and put the many bad tips behind you or you might freak out with your next table, serving there is not a job many people can handle. I saw many servers look like they wanted to punch someone after gets $3 on a $97 check and then somehow have to be pleasant with the next table knowing that that tip had nothing to do with their service as the majority of servers there do a very good job, but now they have to suffer because a table comes from a country where tipping is not customary and if you dare tell them anything you risk being fired.