If you work hard you have a better chance of getting paid more Good pay, fast paced, you can easily be promoted and be paid $15 an hour as a cashier The ability to make A lot of money in a short time and flexible hours. Great money for part-time work experience and lots of opportunity They really train you to know their 200 + item menu, it's a really sanitary environment, health benefit options once you hit fulltime, great employee incentives All the necessary equipment is always ready to work, the team work actually works in this restaurant. . Guest Interactions Great pay, free food, friendly environment Great staff awesome cheesecake and polite people flexible schedule, decent money per hour from tips fun environment and good food A lot of the employees were great to work with, and the customers were nice fun environment, good money, and not difficult Great experience. Training was thorough, food was good Great crew in the bakery, love my Gm and manager Flexible Hours, Good Money and Stable Fun coworkers, lots of internationals, good life-work balance, easy work, free bread and drinks, meal discounts at locations owned by Cheesecake Factory Money is generally consistent ($80+/night), co-workers are generally nice people, managers are generally willing to be flexible with your schedule and things that might come up. Some pros the tips you get on good days and making really good friends with coworkers, works well with a school schedule Have a flexible work schedule, opportunities to transfer to other locations, advancement to management, uses hot schedules, volunteer to help others nice people. Availability to work more or fewer hours if desired flexible hours, you will never find a more organized kitchen or walk in fridge you can be proud of the food you cook all of it is great atmosphere and managers there's a sense of pride ever dish has to have in it. The only pros of working here are a flexible schedule and the fact that you can make between $500 to $1,000 a week depending on how hard you work as a server Easy to get time off since there are lots of servers. Overall good company to be a part of, there is upward mobility if you are interested in a career but be prepared for it to take a very long time flexibility through hot schedules, ability to transfer to other stores Makes good money on busy nights and holiday season. Co-workers were nice, flexible schedule, and fast paced Flexible schedule which is a huge reason I stayed there for as long as I did, aside from that it's very structured which works well for some people and since it's usually very busy you make steady money due to the amount of tables you have over a full shift but some locations like the one I worked at have huge tourist and foreigner clientele meaning you might have 16 tables in a shift with 4 leaving you 18% or more,8 tables leaving you a normal 15% and 4 tables leaving you 10% or less or possibly totally stiffing you, you just hope it's the $25 check stiffing you and not the $150 check. Many days you go home with 10% of your sales or sometimes way less after tipping out other staff members, I've seen servers go home with $25 on $500 in sales. Sidewalk is not bad at all. The people employed by the company are friendly and all work as a team Lot of room for growth, and the company is continuing to grow. Once you become a trainer you have the opportunity to do new restaurant openings.