Paid uniforms, vacation pay, benefits Love my co-workers, and atmosphere I work in The people are nice there, the food is very good, you get to learn about the restaurant business the host staff really appreciated me. If you work hard you have a better chance of getting paid more Good pay, fast paced, you can easily be promoted and be paid $15 an hour as a cashier The ability to make A lot of money in a short time and flexible hours. Great money for part-time work experience and lots of opportunity They really train you to know their 200 + item menu, it's a really sanitary environment, health benefit options once you hit fulltime, great employee incentives All the necessary equipment is always ready to work, the team work actually works in this restaurant. . Great food great service great time Great start up job for anyone Some most amazing coworkers, fun work environment over all, generally busy when other restaurants around us are not For the most part the schedule is flexible although employees are required to be available on Sundays. Guest Interactions Great pay, free food, friendly environment Great staff awesome cheesecake and polite people flexible schedule, decent money per hour from tips fun environment and good food A lot of the employees were great to work with, and the customers were nice fun environment, good money, and not difficult Great experience. The environment is great, great opportunities to travel if you become an opening DT Challenging and fast past a large menu to learn for 7 stations and a lot of recipes to learn for prep. Training was thorough, food was good Great crew in the bakery, love my Gm and manager Flexible Hours, Good Money and Stable Fun coworkers, lots of internationals, good life-work balance, easy work, free bread and drinks, meal discounts at locations owned by Cheesecake Factory Money is generally consistent ($80+/night), co-workers are generally nice people, managers are generally willing to be flexible with your schedule and things that might come up. Some pros the tips you get on good days and making really good friends with coworkers, works well with a school schedule Have a flexible work schedule, opportunities to transfer to other locations, advancement to management, uses hot schedules, volunteer to help others nice people. Availability to work more or fewer hours if desired flexible hours, you will never find a more organized kitchen or walk in fridge you can be proud of the food you cook all of it is great atmosphere and managers there's a sense of pride ever dish has to have in it. Everything you need they get for you and bring to the line when you are cooking basically you come in cook wipe your station down change the pans and leave they have a clean up crew to do the rest.