Turnover is a real problem, management is a mess and isn't interested in your goals or desire to advance in the company, shifts never end on time (sometimes with a difference of 3+ hours without any warning or extra compensation), management is also quick to shift the blame and even quicker at reprimanding workers for minor, or even imagined, offenses I don't really have anything negative to say about this place Management was a little too corporate for my preference. High stress environment, late hours A lot of physical labor and can sometimes be mentally exhausting dealing with the servers, answering the phone, hard to cross train, line cooks are rude and the people who come in It is very busy, so it would not be ideal for the lazy. Achieving a work life Balance is a struggle because of amount of hours scheduled per day not every week you get 40 hours some weeks you won't get that sometimes you have to work doubles the pay doesn't match with the work and the pay starts of at 11. Management at times is not so great The managers and the management system are horrible, you stay later than the time you're scheduled to get off (sometimes 2 or three hours later) every night unless given “permission” to leave on time, you only get a break if you work a double shift (10+ hours) or if you work a 9 hour shift exact. Food service can never be perfect all the time, but that seems to be the expectation long days, sometimes you get screwed over if you are in a different par of the restaurant, managers are stubborn and have no common sense You will get screwed over by the guest, by the manager's, and unfortunately, by your coworkers, but it is part of the job as a server. It seemed liked nobody could finish food. -Typical Rigid corporate structure writes up, reviews and constant threat of negative reviews. -as mentioned before a lot of favoritism when it came to the sections, and how much money you made, during the initial interview set wrong expectations of how much we could actually make It can take awhile before you have the “seniority” to get the high quality shifts. Serving at a location with so many foreigners and tourists you have to have very thick skin and put the many bad tips behind you or you might freak out with your next table, serving there is not a job many people can handle. I saw many servers look like they wanted to punch someone after gets $3 on a $97 check and then somehow have to be pleasant with the next table knowing that that tip had nothing to do with their service as the majority of servers there do a very good job, but now they have to suffer because a table comes from a country where tipping is not customary and if you dare tell them anything you risk being fired. The management isn't always the best, the hours can be tough[getting out on time is RARE], dealing with corporate can be just as stressful The management is insane and forgetful, schedule comes out weird and many times screwed over when it comes to hours and the GM over micro manages. Speaking of foreigners, there is NO policy against autocrats and we should be allowed to do it at locations that suffer the low or no tips from Europeans, Canadians and others who just don't wanna tip..... The company as a whole is aware of the problem yet refuses to do anything about it, to me that demonstrates they only care about their bank accounts and as long as the check total is paid....... One more thing......why for such a HUGE company am I having to pay $100 or more a month for health insurance ?. A guest can leave, and often does, leave no tip, employees are not allowed to ask if there was a problem with the service, or they will be fired, and a manager will never stick up for the employee and ask if there was a problem to the guest.