When I was asked to stay longer, pick up extra shifts, or work elsewhere (ex go to host or to go even though I was a server at the time) the managers would give me free meals Team are fun, 50% discount for food Flexible hours, easy work, lenient bosses Fast paced and a very hands on experience in this field. The staff is the main reason I truly enjoy my job... Great schedule flexibility, fun work environment. Great people to work with, a chance to earn some good money Free lunch or dinner per shift Refer a friend gets you $150 I loved my coworkers well most of these anyways . You also get to wear jeans to work which is always cool With my title it was only pay and life work balance but that was only because I wrote my own schedule. Very flexible and understanding team of people Had tin if fun and a very good work environment, easy turn over, stayed busy, in tips, coworkers were cool Pretty casual atmosphere and good food They work with your schedule, easy interview process, don't fuss too much when you have to call off Met amazing people and made decent money. Great benefits (if they work you full-time for at least a year, ) friendly co-workers, discounted employee meals (an hour before shift, ) great pay, and uses a helpful tool called HotSchedules for scheduling, which allows you to check you schedule, talk with other workers to pick up or drop schedules. The other members of the staff that stick around for longer than a couple months are really a joy to work with. Not much else... good company - good people Once you go through a few moths and move your way out of the “big top” area you can actually start to make more money. Fun environment nice people good food Lots of hours, plenty of promotion opportunities flexible schedule, easy to make a decent amount of money, great discount at Chris and maggianos Tips can be good on a good night. Offer part-time manger after fulltime 80 % salary for 4 day weeks, if 60% you get 3 day work weeks, so start with a good base, The food was half off, I met some great people, and it's a good first job but I would not want to stay there. Excellent Coworkers, independent job, discount even when your off the clock, fun environment, modern, you decide how much you get paid Met some good friends, can make decent money if you are at the right store, have the right managers, and have the managers on your side It was a great place to work during college. Structure, Fairness, Fun, Benefits, Clean, Neat, smoke breaks, sick leave, vacation time I get to meet a lot of nice people The GM Brian is fantastic, good clientele and location Money, tons of girls on staff that are typically pretty easy, lots of food to eat (just don't get caught) Chills is a good choice of work for younger people since the majority of employees are college age which makes for an enjoyable work experience It's a large company with plenty of assets. Money can be very good so long as you have the right shifts and sections Management are real good people, I honestly love my management team.....for corporate management they are pretty good, The menu is easy to remember if you are serving, and it allows you to transfer easily to many locations Nice group of people to work with.