Long hours, coworkers can get angry and stressed when busy, management could do better Long hours on your feet no break ml Management wasn't great at communicated, blamed lower level employees for things out of their control, turn over was VERY high, always under staffed and expected to make up for it, hostesses do not get tipped out but are expected to clean everything even though the job description says they aren't supposed to bus tables not much for benefits, management is lazy Not always organized which caused issues at times. No dishwasher during the day so that honestly sucks on busy days Occasional lack of communication between management and staff or management and corporate, corporate initiatives that sometimes do not go over well with guests Now off time to spend with family. Discount should be greater don't do background checks so you get a lot of not honest people upper management too Undesirable clientele, whiny servers, lazy management Turnover is very challenging and a constant problem especially when needing to do a schedule... availability is a constant problem Needy guests, double shift fatigue. The management is not really care about customer rude customers, unorganized place A lot of side work, managers can be not helpful, Annoying customers Food can be delayed which means tips decrease Not a friendly atmosphere with coworkers. MUST start as a hostess and work your way up to Take Out or Food Runner before you can become a server, hosts don't get tipped out, getting a shift covered can be difficult, multiple managers can lead to jumbled communication Training lack of future development not on board with other retailers Benefits for front of house employees are awful. No work life balance The management is uptight sometimes at least at the stores I have experienced Low end clientele equals bad tips As a hostess, I don't like the fact that there is no tip share with host since we do bus a lot of the servers tables/ run food and stuff. They have really hurt the business and hours had to be cut The customer can be needy and you have good and bad day as far as money is concerned not flexible with schedules, hard to take off Poor management, rude customers, no set time to be off work the Worst management lot of partiality with the staff and franchise owner. Also, others have left for the competition and sales and traffic are down Work/life balance is not so great working long hours with no breaks Scores are based on a stupid system and can get draining even if you're in the upper percentile. The hardest part of the job title for me is to be able to take care of yourself in times where you may feel obligated to help others, Sometimes when working as a group or in a team everyone must do their best to focus on their job because one weak link can slow the entire group down. So even though I was helping all my coworkers and taking one for the team, when it came to my pockets for the shift, I was then hurt again by the lack of hours scheduled to me because of my poor customer intention to return survey results.