When I was asked to stay longer, pick up extra shifts, or work elsewhere (ex go to host or to go even though I was a server at the time) the managers would give me free meals Team are fun, 50% discount for food Flexible hours, easy work, lenient bosses Fast paced and a very hands on experience in this field. The staff is the main reason I truly enjoy my job... Great schedule flexibility, fun work environment. Great people to work with, a chance to earn some good money Free lunch or dinner per shift Refer a friend gets you $150 I loved my coworkers well most of these anyways . You also get to wear jeans to work which is always cool With my title it was only pay and life work balance but that was only because I wrote my own schedule. The other members of the staff that stick around for longer than a couple months are really a joy to work with. Not much else... good company - good people Once you go through a few moths and move your way out of the “big top” area you can actually start to make more money. Excellent Coworkers, independent job, discount even when your off the clock, fun environment, modern, you decide how much you get paid Met some good friends, can make decent money if you are at the right store, have the right managers, and have the managers on your side It was a great place to work during college. Structure, Fairness, Fun, Benefits, Clean, Neat, smoke breaks, sick leave, vacation time I get to meet a lot of nice people The GM Brian is fantastic, good clientele and location Money, tons of girls on staff that are typically pretty easy, lots of food to eat (just don't get caught) Chills is a good choice of work for younger people since the majority of employees are college age which makes for an enjoyable work experience It's a large company with plenty of assets. Money can be very good so long as you have the right shifts and sections Management are real good people, I honestly love my management team.....for corporate management they are pretty good, The menu is easy to remember if you are serving, and it allows you to transfer easily to many locations Nice group of people to work with. Good flexibility if you are in school, easy to get shifts I make good money, the managers are pretty cool, it works with my schedule (most of the time) Hosting at Chili's is a good first time job and to get experience without it being too stressful of a job. Good money for no education Tips, fun atmosphere, good hours Nice personnel, good starting pay Good, good money to make, you just have to take to the time to learn the menu and get used to the computer system, and taking 5-8 tables at a time. It's Burgers and Fajitas not too difficult, Great benefit packages, 50 percent dining for hourly team as often as you like nice perk Working at Chili's you'll meet great people (both your coworkers and the guests), have a flexible work schedule, there's consistent food and drink quality, high table turnover with large sections, a focus on team work, a fast paced work day that's never boring and there's always a contest going on you can win extra bonuses in. Work with some nice people and you get a 50% discount on food, but you can only get it on weekdays 50% discount on meals for you and a few guests, the more guests you bring in the lower your discount. Exceptionally well at working with your schedule allowing you the flexibility to do other things.