The pay as a server is sometimes hard to live with Long hours with minimal breaks no time to eat, rude customers, GEM comments being the only form of recognition or not, non appreciative managers and management playing favoritism. Several of the managers I have worked with do not have even basic cooking skills and are very unfamiliar with our menu and our computer system. -The company is always more concerned with keeping customers than with having any respect for the employees or the company itself. Problems are always remedied with free food and coupons, even if the customer is obviously at fault. -The health insurance offered is so bad that even my general manager advised me to purchase outside insurance. Management is seriously lacking, I feel like they will put anyone into management just to have a body in the position, and they hold no one accountable. Work/ life balance is horrible, but that comes with the territory in restaurants Lazy coworkers, new managers that are still enthusiastic and annoying Lazy managers lead to late schedules being released, no buskers, no food runners, stupid contests. Not enough raises, not fair 100% of the time Constant flow of people including managers, everyone is disposable, ticket times are long and thus stress is high, Not a great crowd who comes in late to eat, long hours with little breaks on doubles, picky managers about little things, and many employees have had personal items stolen from the BOH. They place so many guidelines and policy (up-sell, Saint Judges, GEM, food cost, Promotions, Margarita Madness, Coupons, Kids eat free) just a few off the top of my head, that the customer interaction gets lost, or becomes fake and impersonal You will work hard, be challenged and learn every aspect of the restaurant...only for the lays is this a con Some late nights. Chili is a casual restaurant, and some ambitions of management such as the average amount they expect each customer to spend is simply unrealistic. Each time they introduce a new manager to the team, we have to re-learn what they want, how they want things done and how they want us to work. Horrible guests, too much pressure from company, too “formatted” and not relaxed enough, management could stand to chill a little (although I'm sure they're just being pressured from a higher power), overall the customers made me hate my job and so I had to quit.