Was able to do a wide variety of tasks, able to get raises, had fun 50 % food good customer nice workers Great food good managers and great teamwork The management is very by the book so hippy have a great chance to succeed in the field. Easy work, managers are amazing and always willing to help, there's always room for improvement, there're incentives and they promote from within Good place to work during holidays We're really flexible with me being a student, also some of my co workers became great friends, managers were really personable Chili was a great place to work part-time while attending college. People are great and the food is great Flexible schedule, easy way to get in to the service industry, good (but expensive) benefits for fulltime TVs, supportive parent company (Drinker) Employees truly feel like a family - exclusive training at each level - consistent expectations across management Great pay, room for advancement and benefits Great atmosphere and fun.place to work with understanding management that lead by example. Just a great environment to work in You receive great job experience the people you work with is like a second family the pay is pretty good friendly staff, great atmosphere to be around Good Brand to work and always innovative recipes coming in an interval. It's fun to contribute to Saint Jude's Pay is great and bonus structure is very achievable great place friendly to work at it's a really awesome job I've been there 6 years and love it's a fun place to work and good money for being casual dining. Good food for the most part Nice pay, easy job, free meal on shift Fun atmosphere, other employees are fun and managers are understanding and will joke around with you great people to work with Managers work to ensure each team member is making the most for each shift. Great team, everyone was fun to work with nice team members, good job experience, good hours, super amazing way to learn how to communicate and be social, and becoming family with your team - Best communication between staff and management I've found at any serving job. - Supportive of whatever your personal goals are and try best to accommodate. - Schedule is decently flexible with requesting off as long as you give enough notice. Fun environment, loved my managers and co workers Fun and friendly environment, great managers decent money, honest camp; helpful management, as far as chain serving jobs go Chili's isn't a bad one Management cares about the business, Busy environment -- able to make a good amount of tips, Bar drinks are simple, Can turn tables in order to make more money, People make a living from the tips they earn from Chili's, The scheduling is well done, Large tables sections Had some great coworkers and managers. Flexible, can make good money, helpful management team Great pay good tip's and laid back management team and employees Tips are generally good, managers are awesome Great coworkers, amazing regulars, and a causal atmosphere made Chili's a great place to work. Good hours for going to school you get to interact with customers and learn to multitask efficiently there is money to be made (4 bonus' year), lots of support available from other managers and the ability to learn and gain experience Great Benefits, quality of life balance + Great people to work with.