It's Burgers and Fajitas not too difficult, Great benefit packages, 50 percent dining for hourly team as often as you like nice perk Working at Chili's you'll meet great people (both your coworkers and the guests), have a flexible work schedule, there's consistent food and drink quality, high table turnover with large sections, a focus on team work, a fast paced work day that's never boring and there's always a contest going on you can win extra bonuses in. It will be half off, granted you're selecting from the TM Shift Meal Menu. To obtain free food, you MUST be working a double. Fast and easy money, great co-workers, and its fun interacting with the different guests that come in, a good way to attain regulars and make friends. Great employees, good food, not much else Enjoyed the other people I worked with -Schedules tend to be extremely flexible. -The company holds an annual monthly donation drive for St. Jude's Children's Hospital, and 100% of the donations go directly to those in need. -Friendly Staff and Management I can' think of one positive thing that came out of working at Chili's. Nothing, poor staff and work ethic Larger table sections than any other restaurant, committed to making everyone money, greater starter place for restaurant business, ability to move around with in store. Free food, discounted food when coming in Great staff, and friendly management Food, more food, and even more food. The managers work closely with the employees and its conducive to good teamwork. Work with some nice people and you get a 50% discount on food, but you can only get it on weekdays 50% discount on meals for you and a few guests, the more guests you bring in the lower your discount. Exceptionally well at working with your schedule allowing you the flexibility to do other things. Excellent commitment to St. Judges The money is easy and great Fun upbeat work environment with great people. You are entitled to eat with your friends for free in any Chili from coast to coast and receive a discount at the other sister locations.