Long hours, coworkers can get angry and stressed when busy, management could do better Long hours on your feet no break ml Management wasn't great at communicated, blamed lower level employees for things out of their control, turn over was VERY high, always under staffed and expected to make up for it, hostesses do not get tipped out but are expected to clean everything even though the job description says they aren't supposed to bus tables not much for benefits, management is lazy Not always organized which caused issues at times. They have really hurt the business and hours had to be cut The customer can be needy and you have good and bad day as far as money is concerned not flexible with schedules, hard to take off Poor management, rude customers, no set time to be off work the Worst management lot of partiality with the staff and franchise owner. Basically went from an average of $10 an hour in tips to an average of less than $6.00 per hour in tips The only con I can think is the long hours and rude customers to handle poor management, and not a lot of benefits SURVEYS ARE A TERRIBLE WAY OF MEASURING EMPLOYEE PERFORMANCE AND CAUSE AN EXTENSIVE AMOUNT OF WORKPLACE ANXIETY. Some servers don't care about my organized table and will out plates anywhere they want to work nights, weekends, holidays, dirty, long hours, transient staff with very little investment in the restaurant Hours are TERRIBLE 60+hrs/weekly; Never able to set yourself on a schedule due to the differing shifts/hours worked week to week poor benefits, poor business model for employees, low kitchen wages, favoritism among management, low accountability, company does not value the employee Dead end job. Money has been stolen from servers with nothing done Pay is awful for hosts, lack of accountability among st staff, change menu way too much upper management is useless, change menu very often all the work expected for you to do when you have no customers and you are being paid less than half of minimum wage Rude people, some lazy managers There are a lot of cons to managing a restaurant, but no specific one to Chili. Many of the customers can be very rude and messy and since chills is family orientated so young children are constantly present, often times the managers can have very negative and degrading attitudes towards employees, and when business is slow the pay is awful Long hours, bad scheduling Depending on your location, it can be very difficult to make money. They don't read the tickets and make the food correct most of the time and when you ask them to put tickets on the boxes like they are supposed to or make the food correctly you get yelled at because it's your fault and never theirs. It is based on a survey that guests take on the kiosk after payment and it asks if there was a problem... A LOT of problems have to do with food correctness and how long the food took which is a problem with the kitchen not the servers and yet we still get the slack from our percentage of guests with a problem while the kitchen hears nothing of it.... You lose your weekends and often evenings to work. Scheduling issues (but this is specific to the store I work at), restaurant is open late, a lot of side work - often takes an hour and a half to two hours to leave the store after you're cut - asked to perform non-server tasks when closing (i.e. scrubbing the floors), often get bad clientele, but that's to be expected when you work in corporate/franchise The main challenge is working with incompetent co-workers. Customers can be very ride at time and coworkers aren't always the nicest management isn't always very professional and doesn't know what they're doing half the time will work you as much as they possibly can There are No buskers Managers come and go so quickly each has a different way to manage it's hard to have a consistent work environment, managers often belittle the staff menu changes quite often.