Was able to do a wide variety of tasks, able to get raises, had fun 50 % food good customer nice workers Great food good managers and great teamwork The management is very by the book so hippy have a great chance to succeed in the field. Great Management, Great work atmosphere Fun environment to work in Welcoming crew, fun fast paced atmosphere Growing professionally, learning new strategies Management is great working with your availability. Family-like atmosphere. Easy, quick money. The food is pretty good and they are going more and more fresh with their products which is great, and with the new theme of hot and fast if you can get fresh hot and fast that's great. Great food, management works with your schedule, great family atmosphere The discount was my favorite part of working there due to Chili's serving some of my favorite foods, but they offer many more other perks and benefits such as health insurance, 401K, and paid time off. The work atmosphere was nice and for the most part I usually enjoyed going in to work because I knew what to expect and if I ever had a problem, the management would always try to help resolve them. Sick discounts through drinker Love the culture and the team members Very good environment very nice people work for and always available to train at any time Salary, great team members, able to relocate almost anywhere Coworkers were nice, and the environment was friendly. Easy work, managers are amazing and always willing to help, there's always room for improvement, there're incentives and they promote from within Good place to work during holidays We're really flexible with me being a student, also some of my co workers became great friends, managers were really personable Chili was a great place to work part-time while attending college. People are great and the food is great Flexible schedule, easy way to get in to the service industry, good (but expensive) benefits for fulltime TVs, supportive parent company (Drinker) Employees truly feel like a family - exclusive training at each level - consistent expectations across management Great pay, room for advancement and benefits Great atmosphere and fun.place to work with understanding management that lead by example. Just a great environment to work in You receive great job experience the people you work with is like a second family the pay is pretty good friendly staff, great atmosphere to be around Good Brand to work and always innovative recipes coming in an interval. It's fun to contribute to Saint Jude's Pay is great and bonus structure is very achievable great place friendly to work at it's a really awesome job I've been there 6 years and love it's a fun place to work and good money for being casual dining.