The cooks basically had the run of the kitchen, and if the people who had been there longest didn't like you, then they took it out on you by throwing the food you make in the trash, yelling, shoulder checks, etc. Upper management can often let their tempers get the best of them and the company uses religion to cover up the many character flaws or its people which include blaming those down the management team structure, a lack of knowledge on what it means to run a restaurant leading to ridiculous expectations that are used subjectively at every store depending on how much upper management gets along with that Management Team or how much money they make for those above them. The company has a lack of understanding of the communities it serves and holds all restaurants to the same goals in turnover regardless of the workforce available to the area. Assistant managers are in and out of the stores almost as much as the hourly employees because the training program is not holding everyone to the same level of accountability causing the stores to be short staffed so much so that everyone is expected to travel to guest manage at stores that are up to 80 miles from their home. Busy closing was kind of hard in long management Poor management, not enough staffing, constant drama with staff Ridiculously long hours, ineffective, incompetent, untrustworthy management, filthy work environment, apathetic, lazy, lowlife employees who are only there to pay child support and keep a bag of weed in their pocket, low pay for the work involved, no paid vacation time, anniversary bonuses ($250 per year for years 1-5, about $150 after taxes) in place of paid vacations are an insult, no incentives for doing a good job and going above and beyond. Horribly disorganized A gm who doesn't care for his job who by default became a gm because another manager got fired. Puts the workload on the other management is seen doing little or no work almost will always disappear into the office at busy times and not answer the door, doesn't care how employees feel violated the personal rights of employees doesn't care about people's needs as workers says they need to work for it even when there's evidence that they have done their job, unfair favoritism Freeze on wages for all hourly employees for over 3 years. Server staff suck at teamwork and are selfish The food quality is horrible, the restaurants are all dirty once you make it to the kitchen, there isn't any cohesion between management (after all I have seen three entire management staffing changes in the 3 years I've been there), and after learning every position in the back of the house I still haven't received the raise I was promised. Make you do portion and weigh food to be kept for sale for 5 hrs a day at times.but if you walked away from it to help others you were in trouble for it. But only later would be told, on hands training is always busy shifts on weekends where the employee trainer couldn't train you in a proper manner. A lack of work ethic seems to be the only thing employees can seem to agree on Fired the father of a special needs child for objecting to the offensive language used by the staff. Yes, it can be convenient if the customer is in a rush and makes the customers feel safe as their card never has to leave the table, however, a lot of people simply want to enjoy their experience out and do not want to cash themselves out.