My second day of working on my own, I was given a table of 15 on an already busy day (Veterans Day) the managers were very unhelpful and rude that made me want to walk out and quit that day. Some days they’d put me back as a trainee to help me with the issues I was having (something that I should’ve learned within the first 5 days but hadn’t) last week when the schedules were being made, I didn’t receive one. Was contacted by the manager saying I was going to be retraining and asked what position I’d like to work in the restaurant. Despite my mistakes from a lack of knowledge, I was better than some who had been there for months so I assume they’re trying to force me to quit Area management and above is horrible, turnover for management in general is extremely high. The cooks basically had the run of the kitchen, and if the people who had been there longest didn't like you, then they took it out on you by throwing the food you make in the trash, yelling, shoulder checks, etc. There are too many to list them all but the majority of upper management are hypocritical and will say one thing to your face and then when their boss is touring with them, they will act as if they agree with all directives. Upper management can often let their tempers get the best of them and the company uses religion to cover up the many character flaws or its people which include blaming those down the management team structure, a lack of knowledge on what it means to run a restaurant leading to ridiculous expectations that are used subjectively at every store depending on how much upper management gets along with that Management Team or how much money they make for those above them. There is a lack of respect for tenure and it actually tends to harm a lot of middle management because they will find a reason to replace you if you are making too much money. The company has a lack of understanding of the communities it serves and holds all restaurants to the same goals in turnover regardless of the workforce available to the area. Assistant managers are in and out of the stores almost as much as the hourly employees because the training program is not holding everyone to the same level of accountability causing the stores to be short staffed so much so that everyone is expected to travel to guest manage at stores that are up to 80 miles from their home.