Long hours, coworkers can get angry and stressed when busy, management could do better Long hours on your feet no break ml Management wasn't great at communicated, blamed lower level employees for things out of their control, turn over was VERY high, always under staffed and expected to make up for it, hostesses do not get tipped out but are expected to clean everything even though the job description says they aren't supposed to bus tables not much for benefits, management is lazy Not always organized which caused issues at times. Lots and hours and expectations for back of house employees with lower pay and next to no breaks during even 12+ hour shifts. Have to tip out other employees but not able to claim that which means having to pay taxes for money you give to others Hiring process is a little disappointing. Poor management, unstable hours, don’t schedule enough staff to meet needs of the restaurant, etc, Usually have to work holidays/busy days. Rude customers, If you are a server you are given shifts based on ITR (Intent to return) surveys that customers take at the end when paying out. No dishwasher during the day so that honestly sucks on busy days Occasional lack of communication between management and staff or management and corporate, corporate initiatives that sometimes do not go over well with guests Now off time to spend with family. The location I worked at had a high turnover rate among employees leading those of us there to pick up the slack. Discount should be greater don't do background checks so you get a lot of not honest people upper management too Undesirable clientele, whiny servers, lazy management Turnover is very challenging and a constant problem especially when needing to do a schedule... availability is a constant problem Needy guests, double shift fatigue. Stressful, too much side work They don't pay very well for raises Part of chilies business model is doing more with less, you'll earn around $10-12 starting wage but must do a wide degree of tasks and in large amounts. Lack of order and organization Low hourly pay, disgruntled customers, drama Not much of a friendly environment Long hours not family friendly poor scheduling times, poor kitchen quality poor management and highly unorganized salary.