It was some very nice employees Good peoples that you work with great coworkers, discounted food, fast paced environment You make good money. When I was asked to stay longer, pick up extra shifts, or work elsewhere (ex go to host or to go even though I was a server at the time) the managers would give me free meals Team are fun, 50% discount for food Flexible hours, easy work, lenient bosses Fast paced and a very hands on experience in this field. The staff is the main reason I truly enjoy my job... Great schedule flexibility, fun work environment. Tips, returning customers, discounted food Teamwork is promoted, you learn to multitask and work in a fast-paced environment under a lot of pressure, flexible change of position you work in (i.e going from Busier to Waiter, Cook to Expo, etc. Made good money frisson nights nice people, and co workers were helpful you can make pretty good tips and the customer is good The compensation with bonus is great. Easy to request off (two weeks advance notice) Great management and other employees to work with Tips are good most of the time Fun work environment. You will get the chance to learn all areas of running a restaurant and promotions are very possible if you are willing to work hard and can keep up with results. Free food, if its busy you make good money serving, Togo gets paid normal minimum wage instead of server wage Discounted food, funny coworkers, there is the ability to make good money because of fast turnover Salary, bonuses, vacations are all very nice. Money, hours, co-workers, food, easy work, shift availability Free employee meal for how employees per shift, flexible schedule, good continuing training protocol Some great people to work with Close friends with co workers, opportunity to make great money, easy work. Great team place to be Hours available usually, some new friends, good money in the busy season, opportunities to move to different positions in certain restaurants, flexibility to pick up shifts at other stores. Competitive Salary, Health Benefits, Monthly Bonus Good money for good work I've been with chilies for two years and have enough to support me and my family.