Really good food (free fountain drinks and bread, food at half-price to employees), great coworkers (the servers, not the hosts I worked with), slightly above average paycheck when including cuts for tips. You just had to put in the effort but you could easily walk out with $100+ in a night flexible hours and scheduling within the company -free meals during training. Above average clientele and great food options Easy, doable, friendly, flexible, great start in service Tried Menu, Friendly Staff, Good Food Flexible schedules, walk out with cash daily Company loves to promote within, lots of opportunity - Flexible schedules. - Relaxed management/work environment for the most part. - Great co-workers, very hospitable environment, and decent client base. - No serving experience necessary to get hired. - Server side work is very easy compared to other chain restaurants. - Food and drink menus are easy to learn. - Excellent for making quick cash. - Working shifts normally consist of 4 hours. - Can cross train into any position. - Yearly bonuses ($350) are paid to fulltime employees. Flexible scheduling Great and more opportunities and comprehensive benefits You get free food sometimes and it's a pretty social and fun environment. *Food is really good Got a share of tips, 50% meals on shift, good food, friendly coworkers, professional environment Great food, easy to pick up and release shifts. Very open to hiring, easy work, and good customer service experience No late nights, good staff great environment between coworkers and able to learn on your feet quickly, great platform to learn how to work in fast paced environments They hired me although I had no previous work experience. Time goes fast because always busy, if you not busy your cut and go home Great food great menu, The training is great and expectations are high. Great coworkers, pretty good hours for the restaurant industry, team mindset There's a steady clientele, and most people are pretty familiar with the brand so there's a level of confidence in the products that's helpful. The employees are the awesome and the managers really work with the employees to make sure they're happy.