Staff was dramatic, boss was a rude I had bad experience being a driver than being taking off my job because of a mistake someone made from California kitchen pizza Micromanagement, scheduling issues, for most of the staff it's their first job in the industry so sections are tiny and people freak out, very limited bar almost like a hotel bar. Below minimum wage hourly- they make up for it with tips but its not a lot... Where does one begin... Not only is there a sexist manager, but the general manager does nothing to stop it. Then I let the general manager know I no longer wanted to work in those conditions and that I rather work as a server and in return he stopped putting me on the schedule. The GENERAL MANAGER GOES OUT DRINKING WITH THE SERVERS, AND HAS FAVORITES, IF YOU'RE NOT A FAVORITE YOU WILL PROBABLY BE FIRED IN NO TIME. The company had been in trouble for making workers work through lunch without pay and was forced to pay them back, the management was micromanaging much for no reason and was setting quotas for selling their new products. They felt that, as a tipped employee, I no longer needed my fixed hourly wage (the state minimum wage), and that my tips plus a menial wage of $4-6/hour would cover the difference. I had to sign many legal papers twice while employed there, and there were at least 10-15 pages of legalese between all the forms I signed (there were others in addition to the aforementioned two). I have seen multiple times managers keep servers in the WORST sections of the restaurant over and over, while other managers put some servers in the BEST sections of the restaurant every single time. There was at least one server who quit because they would always get the same awful section every day (maybe they got lucky if the manager who made the floor plan thought they were hot), and I can tell you that it was one of the hardest sections to sit. This has been just SOME of my experience, but I feel that it was a pretty big problem that the general manager (GM) and assistant general manager (AGM) either weren't competent enough to pick up on the relationships (they also both had outside relationships with certain individuals in question) or just blatantly disregarded their existence, not sure what happened there. .