Service, rude clientele, long hours, no breaks Demanding immediate shift coverage without notice Paid on hourly basis and it is hard to put in a lot of hours since you are basically going out in the world and trying to bring new business to California Pizza Kitchen. No communication from the management to the staffers - Rewards sign-ups are mandatory and no compensation is paid regardless of the amount. - Management will purposely under staff in order to cut labor costs and will also send cooks home early, leaving only one in charge of four separate stations. They are required to not only bar tend and wait tables but to also work at take-out which is a separate job (due to the high volume of orders that always come in) and to also man the expo (the cooks job to manage food going out) which is another separate job. It affects the bartenders tips. - No barracks are ever hired and take-out positions are only filled 4 shifts out of 14 shifts in order to cut labor costs. - Again, in order to cut labor costs, they make the busier do the dishwashers job for the same buss boy pay. - They are incredibly quick to hire and over staff hosts/hostesses compared to every other position combined. - No career advancement or opportunities offered. Customers are mad at you for giving them the “wrong quoted time”, and bug u to sit on the dirty but empty table (well in sorry that I can't predict others getting up from their table and we can't shoo them away), servers will get mad when it's busy and u double seat them, buskers get mad at you for seating customers who rush u to seat them when tables are clean, kitchen asks you to slow down on seating people because they can't do all the order at the same time, managers sometimes help but not so much. I had to constantly keep taking quizzes and getting certifications and then they would need someone to work as a host or on take out and I wouldn't get the chance to be a server and make more money. Horrible people to serve, long closing hours, need better inspection upon close, need to be held to a higher standard The pay is not really that good unless you make loads in tips low pay if your not a server, management switches. Most jobs in the kitchen are very laborious in nature This company asks too much of their employees but they wont reward us for any of the things they ask us to do. I've never seen a restaurant try that hard to have good customer service all the extra stuff in non since. Part of the problem here is that the rules and regulations come from the corporate office, and 90% of the rule makers haven't worked a shift in years. -Management and corporate depend too much on statistics concerning their server's ability to sell specific items (like dessert, a beer, a specific type of wine, etc), which made for a stressful work environment. -When I worked there the restaurant was brand new and servers often had to deal with a slow kitchen because back of the house workers were constantly quitting.