Really good food (free fountain drinks and bread, food at half-price to employees), great coworkers (the servers, not the hosts I worked with), slightly above average paycheck when including cuts for tips. You just had to put in the effort but you could easily walk out with $100+ in a night flexible hours and scheduling within the company -free meals during training. Above average clientele and great food options Easy, doable, friendly, flexible, great start in service Tried Menu, Friendly Staff, Good Food Flexible schedules, walk out with cash daily Company loves to promote within, lots of opportunity - Flexible schedules. - Relaxed management/work environment for the most part. - Great co-workers, very hospitable environment, and decent client base. - No serving experience necessary to get hired. - Server side work is very easy compared to other chain restaurants. - Food and drink menus are easy to learn. - Excellent for making quick cash. - Working shifts normally consist of 4 hours. - Can cross train into any position. - Yearly bonuses ($350) are paid to fulltime employees. Very open to hiring, easy work, and good customer service experience No late nights, good staff great environment between coworkers and able to learn on your feet quickly, great platform to learn how to work in fast paced environments They hired me although I had no previous work experience. Great coworkers, pretty good hours for the restaurant industry, team mindset There's a steady clientele, and most people are pretty familiar with the brand so there's a level of confidence in the products that's helpful. The employees are the awesome and the managers really work with the employees to make sure they're happy. Money, flexible schedule, some great people The tips are sometimes pretty good The staff was great to work with. I'm a server and management works really hard to work with my availability this job is OK make most money on tips Fun work environment, nice people, we all became like a family. Flexible schedule, ability to travel, relocate, move up in the company While under the original owners, I took advantage of the opportunities within the company and moved up where I could.