No clear communication between managers Great customers, some great employees, beautiful place, free food on Birthdays, great rewards program, convenient with the BIOS, bottomless items Salary and benefits are above industry standard Great environment, Good Food, Location Great money for servers. Which is only if you work hard and if you get nice guests that come to spend money on food and service Clean restaurant...some nice co workers great team and fun place to work Friendly environment, free employee meals. Short shifts, or long shifts depending on what you want Flexible schedule, quick money, great coworkers Busy restaurant, plenty of tables and opportunity to earn tips Great team of people to working with Thorough training, Good at keeping your availability in mind Overall, the place was great and gave me experience for future jobs Good to work here while going to college Overall pretty easy job and tips are decent Solid vibrant culture and lots of great people to work with!. HOWEVER, you have to fight for these benefits and often have to ask 5 different people in order to receive them, and even then they will 'forget' to give them to you. The money is great; flexible hours; pretty laid back; easy to train; good discount on food; as long as employees stick around camp; stay consistent then the work day can flow easily Sometimes you can make decent money in short hours. Opportunities for growth, friendly staff to work with, works well with school schedules or people with kids, a good starting job There were no benefits Great way to make a lot of money quickly. Pay is good if your restaurant is housing Doesn't require a lot of experience, pay is decent and definitely better than fast food, free food every shift(only for kitchen workers not servers) Easy if you can keep up. Lots of opportunity, good menu and cooking staff to work with The only reasons I can think of are at times the managers were good and the pay was okay. Adequate Training, Many Advancement Opportunities, Great Company Culture, Not Open Very Late, Very Clean Structure systems and procedures (they even have a policy on how to wash your hands) so be ready for a lot of them You meet great people via customers and are able to make even the smallest impact/ People. There are many dedicated and loyal individuals in the HO and Restaurants Eat for free if you work in kitchen The customers came in for free food The pay and benefits were above avg.