Which is only if you work hard and if you get nice guests that come to spend money on food and service Clean restaurant...some nice co workers great team and fun place to work Friendly environment, free employee meals. Short shifts, or long shifts depending on what you want Flexible schedule, quick money, great coworkers Busy restaurant, plenty of tables and opportunity to earn tips Great team of people to working with Thorough training, Good at keeping your availability in mind Overall, the place was great and gave me experience for future jobs Good to work here while going to college Overall pretty easy job and tips are decent Solid vibrant culture and lots of great people to work with!. Lots of opportunity, good menu and cooking staff to work with The only reasons I can think of are at times the managers were good and the pay was okay. Adequate Training, Many Advancement Opportunities, Great Company Culture, Not Open Very Late, Very Clean Structure systems and procedures (they even have a policy on how to wash your hands) so be ready for a lot of them You meet great people via customers and are able to make even the smallest impact/ People. There are many dedicated and loyal individuals in the HO and Restaurants Eat for free if you work in kitchen The customers came in for free food The pay and benefits were above avg. Friendly and helpful coworkers Flexible hours and reliable coworkers You turn tables very quickly so there is a lot of opportunity to make money There are absolutely no pros to working here except maybe the free food?. None used to be a good money maker Good tips, half off food for servers, great college job nice employees, good food, can get really busy fun environment, nice employees, decent money, building area Fast fun people are genuine Red Robin is a growing company. There is great marketing that is done to keep people coming back good company, fun staff, good management, team work There were some good people I worked with The other servers and support staff are amazing to work with. Good money, and you meet a lot of cool people You can start at the bottom and climb quickly and if you need to move they allow transfers anywhere there is a store. Flexible schedule, lots of coworkers your customers will always be the best part of your job or the worst Fun people to work with, you clock out and are able to forget about work and enjoy your family time.