The atmosphere was fun, the people were nice and the pay was decent Too many pros to list but for starters... flexible schedules, competitive pay, good food and drinks, great network and resources. Good people, fun upbeat environment, never a dull moment Love my job we stay busy Friendly Environment, Great Pay, food is great, I like that o have good benefits and an understanding management team who is more like a family in times of need Flexible scheduling and you get to work with some great people. Easy, straightforward job and good upfront training Fast past money, flexible, and great culture Flexible Hours and Fun coworkers Decent Pay, Benefits, Growth opportunities if you are driven to get them Fun and engaging atmosphere Great job when in college or looking for quick easy money. Greet place to work, free food, good Mrs Fantastic coworkers and nice management The environment is so encouraging and the focus of the business is on teamwork to deliver a successful shift. Red Robin is a great company to work for with awesome employees and good opportunity for growth if you're willing to work for it. Upbeat environment, good money, incentives to do well Music playing at all times, fun atmosphere Great Food, good people, Fun Great management team, decent work hours, questionable clients. Can move up to management fairly easy Friendly atmosphere, managers are understanding and considerate with their employees, possibility of getting promoted depending on performance good tips if you work well can work well with your schedule Stable hours/pay, promote when ready, constant training bigger organization, solid training, paid for part-time, high volume Fair work schedule (usually). Nights aren't too late even if you close Flexible schedule and good pay for a college job Good people and a great place to work Good Money and its very easy to get promoted Great food, good encounters, easy job. Great advancement opportunities There is a great team environment a nice place to work Flexibility, fun work environment, decent pay They can work around your schedule and you can also request days off in advance. Flexible schedule and good money The managers are great and so are the rest of the staff, everyone is very friendly.