Which is only if you work hard and if you get nice guests that come to spend money on food and service Clean restaurant...some nice co workers great team and fun place to work Friendly environment, free employee meals. Short shifts, or long shifts depending on what you want Flexible schedule, quick money, great coworkers Busy restaurant, plenty of tables and opportunity to earn tips Great team of people to working with Thorough training, Good at keeping your availability in mind Overall, the place was great and gave me experience for future jobs Good to work here while going to college Overall pretty easy job and tips are decent Solid vibrant culture and lots of great people to work with!. Lots of opportunity, good menu and cooking staff to work with The only reasons I can think of are at times the managers were good and the pay was okay. There is great marketing that is done to keep people coming back good company, fun staff, good management, team work There were some good people I worked with The other servers and support staff are amazing to work with. Good money, and you meet a lot of cool people You can start at the bottom and climb quickly and if you need to move they allow transfers anywhere there is a store. Flexible schedule, lots of coworkers your customers will always be the best part of your job or the worst Fun people to work with, you clock out and are able to forget about work and enjoy your family time. Potential to move up Decent scheduling, can make good money but you have to put in work, somewhat laid back work place, not really strict Career advances within the restaurant are good, as well as the discounts and some employees. Fairly easy job, some promoting within for top performers, growing company, going in a good direction Flexible hours, always hiring, usually busy, getting hours isn't an issue, the few employees that we do maintain for longer than 3 months are on the whole decent workers and reliable, time off is usually honored It gets very busy so a waiter has the potential to make great tips. Nothing really comes to my mind, every time I thought something was good, it ended up not being good ... Fun people to work with, I enjoyed my time there due to the customers not the restaurant its self, I was always able to pick up shifts, good money, learned a lot about the restaurant industry Free food - *while training only Fun atmosphere, good coworkers, nothing passed that. Great concept with some opportunities to move up within the company, some systems in place are easy to use, very clean and well maintained, Gas have a great quality of life, benefits are good not great, salary is competitive with other companies Nice people and good discount Clean, friendly staff, accommodating, good tips.