Good people, fun upbeat environment, never a dull moment Love my job we stay busy Friendly Environment, Great Pay, food is great, I like that o have good benefits and an understanding management team who is more like a family in times of need Flexible scheduling and you get to work with some great people. Easy, straightforward job and good upfront training Fast past money, flexible, and great culture Flexible Hours and Fun coworkers Decent Pay, Benefits, Growth opportunities if you are driven to get them Fun and engaging atmosphere Great job when in college or looking for quick easy money. Nights aren't too late even if you close Flexible schedule and good pay for a college job Good people and a great place to work Good Money and its very easy to get promoted Great food, good encounters, easy job. Guests who generally come to Red Robin are understanding as well- but of course you get some entitled people who get picky with everything Tips company people friends management Amazing Coworkers, Great hours and flexibility, Fun, Family-friendly environment Red Robin is an excellent company to work for. Opportunities to move up in company Working there is awesome, the employees are great and the food is bomb fun as long as you work and are good -Not terribly difficult. You will find great people to work with, good food knowledge to share with others, and you also learn tools and different ways to up sell items The people who work here are one of the reasons I love Red Robin. Management is great and lots of opportunities to move up :) very flexible scheduling management was really attentive to their employees, stable and fast paced work environment, fair distribution of tips, and the employees all got along so well. Bottomless fries, great training program people are easy to work with, great management team, felt like a family Flexible scheduling, excellent hours and cutting policies, helpful management, a truly team oriented environment, thorough training, coworkers and even management feel like friends, delicious food, uniform is getting better allowing Jeans and shirts. The tips were good (at least $30 per shift on a slow day), the 50% employee/partial family discount was well appreciated, there was always something to do, the work was straightforward and not difficult at all, the hours were stable and very flexible, and the managers/coworkers were very friendly and approachable. The managers seemed to take a genuine interest in their employee's well-being inside and outside of work and the employees were (mostly) easy to get a long with and (most of the time) had a good sense of team work and unity.