The tips were good (at least $30 per shift on a slow day), the 50% employee/partial family discount was well appreciated, there was always something to do, the work was straightforward and not difficult at all, the hours were stable and very flexible, and the managers/coworkers were very friendly and approachable. Great environment, fun job, great people, good money, flexible, can move up in the company Red Robin is like a crazy family which is great in that you feel like managers genuinely care about you and take your problems into consideration. The employees and managers all act as friends, which creates a nice home feeling when going to work. Culture and values are so important they are a part of the training documents and are posted on the managers' office door. Good money if you're in the right location The people are the best part of the job - they're why I've lasted as long as I have. Our coworkers are all really friendly, honest people, and I love being part of the team (granted, I've only been at the front of the restaurant as a host, so I haven't been around back to really bump heads with the team members during the really stressful times). My managers are really nice, too, as long as you're respectful and stay on their good side, they're very understanding (they helped cover shifts for me when I was out with the flu) and fun to joke around with. This company allows you to grow if you show the potential and work for the promotion Red Robin has great pay for people with no experience/looking for a first job. The managers seemed to take a genuine interest in their employee's well-being inside and outside of work and the employees were (mostly) easy to get a long with and (most of the time) had a good sense of team work and unity. The managers were sometimes attentive when they weren't hiding out in the office Fun environment, nice community of employees, friendly and considerate management, enjoyable place to work great tips for take out ($20-60 a shift). Very easy to become friends with co-workers close knit crew members, fun on the job You make decent tips and the other team members are usually fun to work with.