Very few opportunities to move up The clientele (bottomless refills are a terrible concept and guests will want to start off with bottomless fries as an appetizer), management can play favorites, and there's a lot of seniority (especially in the bar). None unless you don't like fast paced Schedule based on customer surveys that you sometimes have no control over (under cooked burger, dry bun, wait at the door, etc...) I don't like that sometimes they expect one person to do a 2 man job alone or at least handle the pressure all day long with an upbeat attitude Not a lot of cons. Average pay and long hours Unorganized, Hectic, Management wasn't good at keeping stress level down during peak hours, inconsistent requires tasks that varied by opening/closing manager made it confusing to know what you needed to get done each day or night. No raises offered (or they will be offered but never implemented) promotion to mid management if you suck up to the higher ups, but you will forever being doing their busy work with no guarantee of ever making salary and no consistency in how you are moved up. Always out of some type of product; big turn over rate so it's hard to stay consistent; some management can be overbearing; unorganized Grew too quickly and a little too chaotic at times Surrounded by negative people who would stress about small things Some co workers are lazy Hours. I would get a lot of doubles that had a 2-4 gap between the shifts which is too long to just wait around but not long enough to do much. Busy nights are usually understaffed Hard getting shifts covered, and dealing with cooperate style management Inconsiderate in scheduling, was forced to work 7 or 8 shifts a week with no break. If you decide to quit due to health reasons they will give you a difficult time and get angry with you. People, food, fast, annoying, food if you get stuck with a bad ROD then your life in upper management is lack luster and makes you hate to come into work Company needs balance between agility and discipline. A player relied on heavy and B, C,D players are allowed to perform lower Micromanagement, not consistent, Holidays and weekends required Hostess don't last so you may be added to empty shifts.