Very few opportunities to move up The clientele (bottomless refills are a terrible concept and guests will want to start off with bottomless fries as an appetizer), management can play favorites, and there's a lot of seniority (especially in the bar). No raises offered (or they will be offered but never implemented) promotion to mid management if you suck up to the higher ups, but you will forever being doing their busy work with no guarantee of ever making salary and no consistency in how you are moved up. And the very beginning of the week especially Tuesday is very slow Management schedules me when I have class after telling them I can't work on certain days Too much focus on getting “Royalty” sign ups every single day instead of focusing on more important things, such as the terrible kitchen staff Management changing, changing hours or sometimes getting shifts cover was difficult If you don't work hard to upscale or follow required table steps then you won't get scheduled good sections where you can make money. -restaurant was frequently very dirty, even at the beginning of the morning shift Bad Management can be too political of an environment Part-time work has no benefits, a 401k, and extremely low hours They only want to hire for part-time and hire a bunch of hosts so you don't get good hours a lot of favoritism between management and crew long hour bad insurance Stopped caring about people, Never bonus hours, management, low pay, 25% discount when not working Too many children running around sometimes. Whenever a failing store in the region is suffering, most of the good managers leave to go fix that store and are often replaced by people that aren't fit for management and shouldn't be managers. Red Robin is so popular so you get lots of different kinds of people and most of them are stupid and incompetent only a few downsides about working here is that the hours aren't particularly that great as a busier, and it was a little far from where I lived. No set schedule, rare or no assistance, rude customers No complaints about Red Robin Not as flexible with schedules as they make it seem, not always busy It's hard to think of any cons as far as this company is concerned and I believe the only issue was with a few select coworkers that really brought down the positive environment with negative comments and no ambition to work hard. Long Hard days' management was always trying to cut costs so they would give overtime pay only to the cooks and not the waiters forcing us to work with a thinner staff and get over worked. That basically means that the more you know about the restaurant, whether it be from hostess to the back of the house, the more work you may have to do compared to your coworkers. It’s always the co-workers who are always late, constantly check their phone in the back, sneak out a million times a night for a smoke break, ignore their customers, talk back to the kitchen, are rude to your tables, asking for replacements but never replacing anyone, and run around looking like they are busy but never actually lifting a finger.