Was allowed to be a bartender when the senior bartender left to get a new job but when they rehired him/her they cut the hours back. They Damaged their ribs in order to fire up the brand again but it is another failed attempt at the same old bad choices they have made over the past 3 years. The training is sub par and often times Its are pulled prior to their training completion in order to cover other restaurants. Don’t recommend The only thing that I didn't like was that there was no room to grow Don't care about employees at all Bad management, bad atmosphere most of the time. Management has a series of worries about their job, a director of operations has the same fears for his, and so on, and this stress is directly transferred to the boots on the ground. Everyone is looking for an excuse to terminate someone, and managers frequently develop groups of favorites around them, which means you could be targeted by a rival manager for the smallest of infractions. Horrible management, horrible clientele, no consistency, sexual harassment runs rampant throughout the staff, employees are never set up for success, the general manager is lazy and incompetent. Terrible management at the Gloucester branch especially kitchen, management bad clientele, endless apps, can get fired for telling another employee that you wish to leave this job once you find another one.some managers will take party gratuity off for no good reason Lazy co workers that only care about their tables camp; nothing else around them. There is a lot of slack that has to be picked up. You have to beg to move up in position. You have to come in when your sick. Walking around with bank in apron, cheap promos=cheap customers, no teamwork among st workers, too many minors, favoritism from managers to staff, immature environment. Employees use dirty hands to eat off of plates and then use dirty thumbs to put on someone's plate to deliver it. There are no trays, to professionally deliver hot food, they want you to put burning hot plates on your hands /arms. The 3% tip out to bus people is unfair.why not pay better hourly wages to those employees?TGIF could be a better place. Everyone is just comfortable with the way things are there. A hard worker is like a foreigner, using a foreign language there.they no understand. Obvious double-standards, endless app promotion and constant coupons lessening tips, poorly run location, management that shifts blame with no consistent standards, GM that spends more time in the office than on the floor, withering staff morale, no team-building get-togethers, mostly tacky clientele, growing laziness after strong employees efforts amount to nothing, empty promises for advancement, last manager that still holds onto the original standards is constantly undermined by his superiors, apathetic District Manager, poorly-dated FOH layout, and questionable BOH cleanliness endless apps bring in the worst clientele Lack of communication and no reviews, poorly run organization that is in the midst of great transition, with faulty operations, lack of accountability, disregard for team member well being, way behind in technology, no strategic planning in marketing, excessive use of email to guests, They Don't care about employees When we were sold to a franchise that's when it went down hill.