The training is sub par and often times Its are pulled prior to their training completion in order to cover other restaurants. Don’t recommend The only thing that I didn't like was that there was no room to grow Don't care about employees at all Bad management, bad atmosphere most of the time. Management has a series of worries about their job, a director of operations has the same fears for his, and so on, and this stress is directly transferred to the boots on the ground. Walking around with bank in apron, cheap promos=cheap customers, no teamwork among st workers, too many minors, favoritism from managers to staff, immature environment. Employees use dirty hands to eat off of plates and then use dirty thumbs to put on someone's plate to deliver it. There are no trays, to professionally deliver hot food, they want you to put burning hot plates on your hands /arms. The 3% tip out to bus people is unfair.why not pay better hourly wages to those employees?TGIF could be a better place. Everyone is just comfortable with the way things are there. A hard worker is like a foreigner, using a foreign language there.they no understand. Obvious double-standards, endless app promotion and constant coupons lessening tips, poorly run location, management that shifts blame with no consistent standards, GM that spends more time in the office than on the floor, withering staff morale, no team-building get-togethers, mostly tacky clientele, growing laziness after strong employees efforts amount to nothing, empty promises for advancement, last manager that still holds onto the original standards is constantly undermined by his superiors, apathetic District Manager, poorly-dated FOH layout, and questionable BOH cleanliness endless apps bring in the worst clientele Lack of communication and no reviews, poorly run organization that is in the midst of great transition, with faulty operations, lack of accountability, disregard for team member well being, way behind in technology, no strategic planning in marketing, excessive use of email to guests, They Don't care about employees When we were sold to a franchise that's when it went down hill. It wasn't really always organized there are a problems with the dish-washing, too much exhausting work specially on the fry cook, I lost my job because another store shutdown and they moved their cooks into our store and they decided to keep the cooks with more experience and kicked me and others out. Beside the servers make more money than we do with less working effort and hours Management doesn't care, I was yelled at, cursed at, told I was being insubordinate because I asked a question, they lied and wrote me up and tried to fire me because I stuck up for myself and told them they were wrong in how they had treated me. There's no respect and if you TNT suck up to certain people you'll get a horrible schedule even if you schedule after certain hrs or days they will give you exactly what you TNT and can't work and blame you for not being flexible very poor customer service, inability to help out customers Always understaffed. The managers have favorites and they don't promote unless you kiss there but and they will curse you out and the corporate office is just as bad because the people they have in place are all cliques and they will retaliate on you which is why I'm not there anymore so if you are outspoken and won't take being looked over for your great accomplishments this is not the job for you!!. No one fully teaches you how to handle all the different coupons, the Micros system and where all the buttons or areas are, or explains the promos. As a new employee- other employees are not very accepting - they are actually quite rude and don't give you time to learn without judgment. Other: Carrying out plates without trays and tray stands- Why not get everything out to the dining room in one shot?. I worked very hard and did my very best while I worked for this company but the last night I worked I was told by the GM I wasn't a team player and I didn't contribute anything to the company. You'll meet druggies, managers that shouldn't be managing anything, unprofessional ism among st employees and an extremely high turn over because most waiters/hostess quit as soon as they discover working at Friday is NOT in any way glamorous OR FUN. Food is sub par and kitchen is also often dirty. Managers are bias-you could be a mediocre or horrible server but if a manager likes you, you'll move up or get a “pass” on the SAME things that another server gets yelled at about. Company is so disorganized which results in you not getting your schedule days BEFORE you work.