Co- worker don't want to come to work and you have to stay and pick up the Slack Because you are a team player management was awful. The waiters would never give you the percentage of tips they owed you Difficult to call out sick/ get shifts covered, coworkers and customers can make your life a living nightmare if you're unlucky, closing procedures are annoying and can take an hour or two to finish and you're only getting paid your low wage of less than $5 an hour Long, unsociable hours. If the company is struggling with profit you won't work, if you're fulltime you're likely to only get 2/3 shifts a week at a push which is stated in your contract for 'business needs'. Have to earn your place or you will get forced out. More than 6 hour shifts without breaks Ever since the company sold most of its restaurants to franchisee's the direction of the company has really been blurry. The customers, coworkers, the pay, no benefits, no upward movement Yes there is money to be made, however endless apps equals the wrong type of crowd and the tip out percentage to the restaurant is ridiculous Working all day long in the kitchen and they don't allow you to eat any of the food?. The endless appetizers appeal to clientele not being respectful of the servers or the establishment Employee gets lost in the corporate Shuffle Restaurant located in beach area, very slow business in the off seasons. Closing shifts are very long and could be annoying when the restaurant is slow, because no matter how slow or busy the restaurant is, you still have to be there till the kitchen closes at 1am, because you are the closer. If you were second to last to come before the closer and the closer or another host decides not to show up, the management will expect you to stay longer or close and stay till the end. Furthermore, the only way the host next in line to be server will be moved up, is if they hire 8-10 more hosts and train them to a certain level of experience. Chances of that happening is low, because the restaurants needs enough hosts to replace the host moving up and new hosts usually do not last and quit after 2 weeks of working or current hosts get fed up and lose hope of getting moved up and eventually quit anyway.