The waiters would never give you the percentage of tips they owed you Difficult to call out sick/ get shifts covered, coworkers and customers can make your life a living nightmare if you're unlucky, closing procedures are annoying and can take an hour or two to finish and you're only getting paid your low wage of less than $5 an hour Long, unsociable hours. The customers, coworkers, the pay, no benefits, no upward movement Yes there is money to be made, however endless apps equals the wrong type of crowd and the tip out percentage to the restaurant is ridiculous Working all day long in the kitchen and they don't allow you to eat any of the food?. This is a serving job based off of tips and most of the time I was making only 10% which wasn't and isn't worth my time!!!. This is a serving job based off of tips and most of the time I was making only 10% which wasn't and isn't worth my time!!!. The hours were long and the job was tedious along with that customers were usually very rude and I did not make enough money at all to pay for my college bills. The hours were long and the job was tedious along with that customers were usually very rude and I did not make enough money at all to pay for my college bills. Management shady, hires you under the impression you will be doing one job, and then they train you to do a different job and wont promote you unless you're skinny or suck up to GMT the people are rowdy they don't tip well at all times and sometimes the money doesn't compensate the amount of work. The only negative things I really have to say are that it is inconsistent often, and you can get burnt out closing the bar 4 nights a week, working from 4-130. Communication between employees wasn't always great Late hours, not many holidays off, no benefits for part-time Most of the company has been recently franchised and there seems to be limited focus/vision from the top down. Some of their franchise owners are not good I've worked on and off with the company since 1985 and over the years it has become more corporate making it painfully obvious that the employees that work for the company are nothing more than expendable tools to assist in meeting their bottom lines, while the employees bottom line dwindle's over the years... no lie, when I started I was a busier and now I'm primarily a bartender but even though I make decent money, it's nothing compared to what I made as a busier and the buskers now make so little money as to be a mystery as to how they make due. Nothing is ever good enough, there is little to no recognition, the home office is no support center, Sometimes you have customers that will try to use many discounts which likely lowers tip, customers can be very ignorant depending on location...managers won't do anything about it and will likely take their side even if the manager knows the customer is in the wrong, schedule can be very hectic: sometimes you work doubles without a breather if it's too busy.