The guests who come in are lively and there's a lot of opportunity to enjoy working there very flexible schedules and friendly working environment Positively flexible and treats staff like family Great Company great Fast money, fast pace, good team Fun workplace with awesome managers who are good at what they do Good place to learn to serve. The menu is small and rarely changes Great Management, great money, very flexible schedule The people that work there, very flexible, ability to transfer to other stores. I worked for incredible knowledgeable people who improved my abilities and capabilities work with good people pay is good The best experience and starting out as a line cook is within a restaurant, it will truly show your worth and effort you put forth by your performance. Once an individual has the epiphany that serving is as simple as following a few steps and smiling, dropping the need to over complicate things and get to it, they will be successful with very little micromanagement. Adding to the total amount of tables one can serve at a time only when ready, and taking them back without a lecture or any voiced disappointment keeps servers motivated to maintain tables, but doesn't give a feeling of failure or rip the will to succeed from those who may be struggling o navigate through a rough patch. . It took me almost a month to learn the menu and be ready to take my own tables, but management kept pushing me to succeed and continued to give me the tools to succeed where others would have let me burn out. . It's not uncommon for fast casual chains to try to appeal to the market by appearing higher class or overly family friendly to mask the fact that they're just a name on a long list of nearly identical restaurants that a guest could choose. Great experience with customer service and time management fun environment with good food at a great price The corporate structure helps all restaurants remain consistent in terms of guest expectation and you are really afforded the tools to succeed from the beginning. Fun environment Bar flare competition was really fun great team work and work ethic for all of management Fun brand with lots of history The people I worked with were amazing!. You get half off your daily meal up to $4. We would have work Halloween, Christmas, and New Years parties and the management would always try to find fun things to do in the workplace.