Good first job, employees can be fun and reliable Co worker the employees are fun to work with just not enough hours Great people to work with. Getting help when needed Lovely team to work with, everyone on the floor is great to have a laugh with and we all try to help each other out as much as poss Discount off food. Excellent to learn to manage your time because they won't schedule enough people or the people they do schedule don't show up They paid OK, coworkers were nice Working here gave me the knowledge base and developed skills to efficiently open a restaurant from the ground up and profitably operate it. pay was £5.55 an hour and got a small percentage of each of the waiters tips A lot of the people hired are of a young age and it's a fun environment when everyone is happy. Flexible, good management, good training Friendly waiting staff and good hours Food is great and MST of the time is free. I am looking forward to work here because I want to keep myself from being out the streets and make money the right way and also make your restaurant a better place Half price appetizers are nice Days you needed off could be worked around!. Fun environment fun and interacting job very enthusiastic co-workers are almost all among st the same age range which makes it easy to work with and are very influential and helpful in making sure you strive as a successful server Great people sometimes okay pay - Busy work environment. - Discounted food. Nothing they are terribly despicable not crazy about these requirements so I will try to put anything to get through Havana, if this is not 20 words than I am adding a few more good flexibility but this company skates on the edge of the law when it comes to HR friendly coworkers and great atmosphere Great training program, Great Management I worked as a host, and I had the opportunity to become a server within 2 months of working there Due to the small staff currently needed to run the floor, you can occasionally make money, mostly fun employees, server manager's enthusiasm It was an OK job. Fun work environment Great training if you want to continue bar tending Good place to work you stay for more than a year 401K and benefits are available The food is pretty good, the DOS are good people who care, IT is improving Flexible scheduling for kids in college I like working for a corporate company versus a family owned business. The only positive things about working here is that all my co-workers are around the same age as I am (18-26) and are great people to work with.