The guests who come in are lively and there's a lot of opportunity to enjoy working there very flexible schedules and friendly working environment Positively flexible and treats staff like family Great Company great Fast money, fast pace, good team Fun workplace with awesome managers who are good at what they do Good place to learn to serve. Great experience with customer service and time management fun environment with good food at a great price The corporate structure helps all restaurants remain consistent in terms of guest expectation and you are really afforded the tools to succeed from the beginning. Faster money, fun most times Great fun environment, Good tips I enjoyed the variety of people I worked with and it was a great first job Fun working environment, fun people to work with, tips can be good Worked here for 3 years. Very fun and energetic place to work Fun, friendly environment, great people, average benefits Good food and free eats discounted meals, full-time eligible for benefits, fun atmosphere Flexible Schedule and Staff was nice I worked here in college and it was a great experience. Servers get to keep all of their tips which is apparently unusual in the restaurant industry if recent headlines are anything to go by... good people, great management, great food, great servers, great bartender Great staff and is a restaurant you can work at without years of experience. The best about working for this company is the high upbeat type of environment with staff that keep you motivated to do your best Great work “family”, training process is thorough, management is fair and the food is delicious and you get half off meals on nights you work...ribs included!. When a new menu comes out, a staff meeting is called and the kitchen makes everything off the new menu for everyone to try, which is great when you are selling the product to the customer to know exactly what it tastes like. Great co workers I left and still see them all the time tips were good flexible schedule s worked well with classes training was good fun environment great customers great place to work as a college student Great benefits, stable restaurant, promotion opus and flexible schedule. If you work hard management will notice and you will receive good shifts and positions It's a great environment if you can be friends with your coworkers, as the team functions as good as all the parts. Clean, Professional, a good working environment TGIFridays creates a fun atmosphere which makes it easier to want to go to work and there is the potential to earn a lot of tips Monthly contests, sales incentives, great trainer program You can make very good money if you work hard and are polite to guests.